No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged calcified pulmonary nodule in the posterior right lung base, consistent with  prior granulomatous disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar streaky airspace opacities,  minimally improved.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Hazy opacity in the right lung may represent aspiration, pleural effusion or  hemorrhage.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.
Trace pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis.  Left PICC tip not  clearly delineated on the current exam.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Unchanged small right  pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis or consolidation.
No significant interval change in left lower lobe opacity.
Hazy veil-like opacity in the right upper lung zone which may be  consolidation, atelectasis or artifact.
Faint opacification projecting over the left mid lung may represent developing  infectious process.
Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution.
Interval decrease in right lower lobe opacification, likely representing  fluid overload.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bilateral lower lung bronchiectasis with peribronchial opacities, improved since  ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Little overall change in the peribronchial thickening and impaction with extensive  bibasilar bronchiectasis.
Minimal interval decrease in size of moderate right apical pneumothorax.   Opacity at the right lung base which appeared on the yesterdays radiograph is more denser and is  likely from an aspiration or atelectasis.
1.  Stable right pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate left pleural effusion and new pulmonary vascular congestion.
Large right pleural effusion with possible superimposed  consolidation in the right lower and middle lobes.
1.  Unchanged bilateral lower lobe and right middle lobe collapse.  2.  Stable small left pleural effusion.
Significant interval enlargement of bilateral pleural effusions, now  moderate in size.  Underlying airspace disease is also possible.
Near complete resolution of moderate right pleural effusion following pigtail catheter  placement.  Unchanged moderate-to-large left pleural fluid with left lower lung atelectasis and  mediastinal shift to the right side.
Mild-to-moderate left pneumothorax with rightward mediastinal shift more  apparent than on portable chest radiograph at 2:26 p.m.
1.  Bilateral perihilar interstitial abnormality compatible with known  interstitial lung disease.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
New left-sided Port-A-Cath is seen entering the left subclavian and terminating within the  right atrium and can be withdrawn 3 cm and still remains within the low SVC.    Stable mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Slight interval decrease in degree of pulmonary vascular congestion.  The possibility of  supervening interstitial lung disease is difficult to assess on plain radiograph, but was apparent on the CT study of ___.
Diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally consistent with  patient's underlying history of chronic interstitial lung disease with likely overlying  pulmonary edema improved since ___.
Interval improvement in mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral  pleural effusions.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion, new since ___.
Slight interval decrease in size of the right middle and lower lobe  opacities.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New small right pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Chronic fibrotic lung disease. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings throughout the lungs,  overall slightly worse when compared to prior.  Findings are compatible with patient's  history of fibrosis.
1. Extensive bilateral opacities are unchanged from the prior examination and likely  reflect the patient underlying severe interstitial lung disease.  2. Increased opacification of the right lower lung may represent mild edema.
Chronic interstitial abnormality with more focal opacities in the left lung  base, left perihilar region, and right upper lobe which are not significantly changed when  compared to the prior exam.
1.  Right PICC terminates in the lower SVC.  2.  Marked improvement in bilateral effusions and heterogeneous opacities when  compared to the prior study.
1.  Chronic interstitial lung disease, previously characterized as UIP or fibrosing NSIP.  2.  Resolution of previously noted hazy opacities in both lungs.
Severe interstitial lung disease with patchy opacities in the right upper  and left mid and lower lung worrisome for superimposed pneumonia.
Chronic changes compatible with pulmonary fibrosis.  More severely  affected areas at the bases, left greater than right.
Persistent opacification of the medial right lower lung with a small right  pleural effusion.
Right basilar opacity could represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.
Stable chest findings in patient with history of congestive heart failure.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and trace left pleural effusion.  Known  fracture of the left 11th rib is not clearly delineated on this exam.
Interval increase in bilateral upper lobe opacities, right  greater than left, concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
Interval improvement in previously noted right upper lobe  consolidation with diffuse streaky opacities remaining.  Findings consistent with  chronic lung disease such as sarcoidosis and mild heart failure.
1. Endotracheal and orogastric tubes in standard positions.  2. Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  3. Diffuse gaseous distention of the bowel loops within the upper abdomen.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged bilateral upper lobe  opacities consistent with chronic fibrosis.
Streaky opacities in the upper lobes, minimally changed from ___,  likely reflects residua of recent pneumonia vs. scarring.
No evidence of acute disease.
Right upper lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.
1.  Right upper lobe consolidation with air bronchograms is similar to ___.  2.  Focal tubular lucency within the opacity is new and may reflect cavitation, dilated  airways or spared lung parenchyma.  3.  Opacity in the right lower lobe has progressed since the prior study.
Bilateral upper lung scarring with slight retraction of the  bronchovasculature.  No definite signs of pneumonia.
Persistent left upper lobe, right upper lobe and left lower lobe peribronchial  consolidation.
Subtle opacity in the left lower lobe retrocardiac region is of unclear  etiology.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
New left mid lung streaky opacity and to a lesser extent in the  left lower lobe, concerning for pneumonia.
Worsening consolidative opacity in the right upper lung field as well as focal  opacities within the left upper and bilateral lower lung fields are concerning for  multifocal pneumonia.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Retrocardiac opacity suspicious for developing left lower lobe pneumonia or  aspiration event in the setting of altered mental status.
Patchy opacity in the right lung base may reflect atelectasis.  Infection cannot be  excluded.  Bilateral upper lobe scarring, similar when compared to the prior study.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increasing density over most of the left lung with a small left-sided  pleural effusion.  The previously described resolving right upper lobe  pneumonia has improved.
Near complete resolution of right upper lung opacity.  Minimal  blunting of the left posterior costophrenic angle may represent trace pleural effusion.
Multifocal pneumonia in the right upper lobe.  Recommend repeat  after treatment to document resolution.
Unchanged right upper lobe consolidation, which may represent old  pneumonia.
1.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate subpulmonic pleural effusion and new small left layering pleural  effusion.
Increased right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, underlying infectious  process not excluded.
Increased loculated right pleural effusion and stable small left effusion.
New focal opacities throughout the right lung, suspicious for areas of  infection.
1.  Improved right basilar nodular opacification since ___.  2.  Persistent moderate layering right pleural effusion.  3.  Mild cardiomegaly.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.  Patchy opacities in the right mid and  lower lung suggest a background of minor scarring or atelectasis.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary congestion.  Focal right upper lobe and left infrahilar  opacities, concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
1.  No acute intrathoracic process.  2.  Moderate-to-severe emphysema with apical predominance.  3.  7 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe has not changed.
1.  Endotracheal tube is positioned 4.1 cm from the level of the carina.  2.  Focal nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring 8 mm, for which further  evaluation with chest CT is recommended.  3.  Bibasilar opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia or aspiration.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Follow-up chest x-ray in ___ weeks to assess for  resolution
Mild pulmonary edema, slightly improved in the interval.  Patchy bibasilar  opacities may reflect areas of atelectasis, but infection particularly in the left  lung base cannot be completely excluded.
Increased pulmonary edema as well as right upper and lower lobe  consolidations.  Retrocardiac opacity is also compatible with a left lower  lobe consolidation.
Slight interval improvement in the previously seen moderate-to-severe pulmonary  edema.  Unchanged right upper lobe parenchymal opacity.
No significant change in the left mid lung zone airspace opacity.    Pulmonary vascular congestion, unchanged.
1. Small left pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.  2. Rounded right midlung opacity compatible with previously described septic embolus is decreased  in size from the prior study.  3. Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is similar to the study from ___ though  notably larger than the immediate post-procedure study from ___.
Interval intubation with the tip of the endotracheal tube positioned 3.3 cm above  the carina.  Increasing bibasilar atelectasis.
1. Unchanged bilateral mid lung opacities, grossly unchanged and likely  reflect consolidative infectious process given history of septic emboli.  2. Stable bibasilar atelectasis with left greater than right effusions.
Increased bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.  Mild congestion is  difficult to exclude in the correct clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Bibasilar opacities with blunting of the costophrenic angles could be due to  effusions.  Pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Ill-defined opacity in the left upper lobe is concerning for pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
Previously seen left lower lobe opacity has resolved on the frontal  view but may persist on lateral view obscuring the posterior costophrenic angle,  which could represent a component of residual infection and/or atelectasis.
1.  Subtle opacity in the right lower lobe is concerning for early pneumonia.  2.  COPD.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Hyperinflated lungs.  Small focal opacity projecting over the lateral right lower  hemithorax, may represent overlapping structures, but further evaluation is  recommended with shallow obliques to assess for possible pulmonary nodule.
Increased opacification in the left lung base with obscuration of the left  hemidiaphragm when compared to ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Severe emphysema.
Emphysema without acute intrathoracic process.
Emphysema.  No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Small right pleural effusion has decreased in the interval.  Moderate to severe  cardiomegaly.
Moderate right pleural effusion, similar in size from the previous study on  ___.
1.  Endotracheal tube in proper position.  2.  Mild bibasilar and right upper lobe atelectasis.  3.  Resolved pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Emphysema.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  Equivocal ground-glass opacity on the frontal  view, which appears less conspicuous on the lateral view most likely attributable to  underpenetrated technique.
1.  Interval resolution of pulmonary edema and possible right lower lobe  consolidation.  2.  Resolution of central vascular engorgement.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary congestion.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.
Stable mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
New pulmonary and mediastinal vascular congestion, perihilar haziness and  chronic moderate cardiomegaly. New right infrahilar consolidation could be  regional edema or concurrent pneumonia.
Hyperinflation without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Large rounded opacity in the left lower lung, correlating with known  left lung mass, better visualized on the ___ PET-CT.  Bibasilar  atelectasis. Coarse linear interstitial markings in left upper lobe may reflect  emphysema.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Interval placement of sternotomy wires, which are intact.
Limited exam with bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with perihilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with streaky right basilar atelectasis.
Mild bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with right base atelectasis and increased focal retrocardiac  opacity, which may represent pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
Low lung volumes.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Persistent patchy left basilar opacification, which may reflect a combination of  atelectasis and/or scarring.  In the appropriate clinical setting, this could be seen with  superimposed infection or aspiration.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Nodular opacities within the  right infrahilar region likely reflect vascular shadows.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild basilar atelectasis.  Calcified ovoid structure projecting over the mediastinum likely a calcified  lymph node.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  No subdiaphragmatic free air.
Small left pleural effusion.  Retrocardiac opacity is concerning for  pneumonia.
Persistence of right middle lobe opacities obscuring the right heart border since  ___ is concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Extensive pneumomediastinum is new, and accompanied by subcutaneous emphysema in the  supraclavicular, cervical and chest wall regions.  2.  Asymmetrically distributed heterogeneous opacities in the right mid and lower lobe could  reflect asymmetrical edema, aspiration, or hemorrhage in the post procedural setting.  3.  Small bilateral pneumothoraces.  4.  Pulmonary vascular
Interval extubation and removal of the nasogastric tube.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal  contours are stable.  No pulmonary edema, pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
Interval removal of the right chest tube without evidence of pneumothorax.
1.  Worsening loculated right pleural effusion.  2.  Increased hazy opacification of the right hemithorax, mainly due to oblique  positioning of the patient.  3.  Mild vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal tube, nasogastric tube, and right internal jugular central line are  unchanged in position.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.  Lungs appear well inflated without evidence of  focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.
Increased opacity at the right mid to lower lung difficult to exclude small left  pleural effusion.  Pneumonia pneumothorax is seen.
Cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary edema, slightly improved compared to ___.  Unchanged right pleural  thickening or loculated effusion.
1.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion.  3.  Small hiatal hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Near complete resolution of mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  No acute  cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Endotracheal tube tip terminates approximately 3 cm from the carina.  2.  Enteric tube side port in the stomach.  3.  Moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval removal of ETT and chest tube.  No pneumothorax.
Since ___, left lower lung atelectasis, mild-to-moderate pleural  effusion and mild right pleural effusion have improved.
1. Enlarged opacity abutting the right mediastinum is the patient's known dilated  esophagus.  2. Opacities at the left lung base are either atelectasis, likely due to low lung volumes  versus aspiration in the right clinical context.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No significant interval change in dilated distal esophagus.
Nasogastric catheter terminates in the esophagus at the level of the posterior  costophrenic sulcus.
Persistent opacification of the right lower lung field, likely due to known  pleural effusion and atelectasis.
Markedly elevated right hemidiaphragm with adjacent compressive  atelectasis or consolidation.  Small right pleural effusion.
Interval placement of a right chest tube within the loculated right  basilar pneumothorax, which is unchanged.
Persistent partially collapsed right lung with increased density at the  inferior border of the lung, consistent with pleural effusion versus pleural thickening.   Otherwise, no significant interval change.
1.  Decreased left basilar atelectasis with associated pleural effusion.  2.  Stable globular and enlarged heart, more pronounced as compared to ___.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New left hilar mass and new left-sided pleural effusion.  2.  Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly, slightly worsened compared with prior exam.
1.  No acute intrathoracic process.  2.  Multiple pulmonary metastases, better assessed on prior CT.  3.  Nodular opacity in the left upper lobe for which further evaluation with  dedicated chest CT is recommended.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Unchanged asymmetric right greater than left pulmonary edema and moderate  pleural effusion with progressive right sided volume loss and rightward shift of the  mediastinum over the past ___ films.
Interval placement of a right IJ approach tunneled HD catheter, the tip of which  projects over the expected location of the right atrium.    Interval increase in bibasilar airspace opacity, right greater than left,  concerning for right lower lobe pneumonia.  Small-moderate right greater  than left pleural effusions are increased.
1.  Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.    2.  Persistent left retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia.
Tiny right pleural effusion.
Small right pleural effusion is stable to slightly increased compared to prior and  tracks into the fissures.  Opacity in the right mid to lower lung field is new  compared to ___.  Retrocardiac linear opacities likely represent  basilar atelectasis.  Small right upper lobe perihilar opacity appears stable.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Severe cardiomegaly with interstitial and alveolar edema and small bilateral  pleural effusions.  2.  More confluent opacity in the right middle lobe is concerning for pneumonia.
Moderate cardiomegaly with moderate pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  Bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis,  aspiration or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Limited study due to underpenetration. The lungs appear clear, however  it is not possible to exclude a consolidation in the lateral inferior costophrenic angles.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent lung atelectasis has decreased since  ___.
1.  Interval worsening of now mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema and  bilateral layering pleural effusions with associated bibasilar atelectasis.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Minimal interstitial edema.  Mild cardiomegaly.
Patchy left basilar opacity, worrisome for pneumonia.
Findings compatible with mild pulmonary edema.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema with persistent moderate left  pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.  Persistent mid right lung hazy  opacification laterally, possibly due to consolidation.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  Increasing opacification at the right base, which is most likely due to  aspiration, given the acute change.  2.  Stable severe cardiomegaly.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and probable small bilateral pleural effusions,  similar compared to the prior study.  Bibasilar atelectasis with chronic fibrotic changes.
Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
1.  Increased interstitial prominence, although no overt pulmonary edema.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly.
1.  Interval improvement of previously mild interstitial edema.  2.  Stable massive cardiomegaly.  3.  Streaky retrocardiac opacities may be a combination of chronic changes and  subsegmental atelectasis.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, slightly larger on the left than on the right.  Minimal  residual pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Persistent blunting of the right costophrenic  angle, potentially due to pleural thickening especially in the setting of multiple  healed right rib fractures.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Previously seen left juxtahilar opacity lateral to the fiducial seeds has  decreased in size and persists since the prior study.  Prominence of the right  hilum may relate to patient positioning, although underlying increased  lymphadenopathy cannot be excluded.
Small right pleural effusion. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable chest findings in patient with history of congestive heart failure.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1. PICC line has migrated slightly more proximally with the distal lead tip now  in the proximal SVC.  2. Left retrocardiac opacity and a small left-sided pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with resolution of bilateral pleural effusions.
Stable right lower lobe opacity consistent with small to moderate pleural  effusion.  Improved asymmetric edema on the left.
1. New consolidation at the right base is concerning for pneumonia, aspiration, or  less likely infarction.  2. Stable small bilateral pleural effusions.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.
New endotracheal tube terminates no less than 2.5 cm above the carina.    Moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Right PICC terminates in the proximal right atrium and should be retracted 2 cm to  place in the low SVC.  2. Mild right basilar atelectasis.
Right upper and lower lobe opacities are new since the prior day, with  indistinctness of the pulmonary vessels, suggesting pulmonary edema. However, concurrent  pneumonia cannot be excluded, in the correct clinical setting.
1. Small left pleural effusion.  2. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary vascular congestion and left  retrocardiac atelectasis.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, greater on the right than the left with  bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Diffuse increased interstitial markings are  similar when compared to the prior study and compatible with the patient's known  history of lymphangiomyomatosis.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Known cystic lung disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Diffuse interstitial abnormality with small nodules not significantly changed.
Diffuse interstitial abnormality, which may be due to pulmonary edema or  chronic interstitial lung disease.  No evidence of pneumonia.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Diffusely increased interstitial markings bilaterally, compatible with known  lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Stable marked cardiomegaly.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No change in left pneumonectomy space which remains ___ full of  fluid.  More superior posterior appciyt may represent debris or clot.
Complete collapse of the left lung with hyperexpansion of the right lung and  marked shift of the mediastinum and trachea to the left.
Decreased left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Extensive right hilar mass is associated with radiation fibrosis, better  delineated on CT ___.  An additional component of postobstructive  pneumonia may be present.  Retrocardiac opacity, left pleural effusion, and left  plueral thickening are also new.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Minimal right basal atelectasis is unchanged.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Hazy opacification in the left perihilar region is consistent with pneumonia.
Interval worsening of left lung opacification, likely due to a  large left pleural fluid collection in the setting of lobectomy versus less likely left  lung collapse.
Interval increase in opacification of the left chest, with interval  increase in left hemidiaphragmatic elevation likely the result of phrenic nerve  paralysis.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Worsening left lower lobe pneumonia.    2.  Increased central adenopathy in the left hilus and adjacent mediastinum, which could be due to  atypical infection or malignancy.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
1. Increased opacity at the right base may be due to infectious process or  aspiration.  2. Rounded density projecting over the right ninth posterior rib is likely a nipple shadow  and can be followed on subsequent radiographs.  3. Chronic moderate left pleural effusion.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  No acute findings in the chest.
Moderate right pleural effusion with mild right basilar atelectasis.  Severe  cardiomegaly.
Improved vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis
Left pectoral pacer/AICD with leads terminating in the right atrium,  right ventricle, and coronary sinus.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and possible small right pleural  effusion.  Gaseous distention of the stomach and possibly the colon.
Decreased size of right pleural effusion and improved aeration.  Moderate pulmonary edema.
1. Bibasilar consolidations may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.  2. New lucency beneath the right hemidiaphragm concerning for intra-abdominal free air.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter has been pulled back now  terminating in the mid SVC.
Low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis.
1.  Endotracheal tube 4 cm above the carina.  2.  Minimal plate-like atelectasis in the superior portions of the bilateral lower  lobes.
1.  Small right pleural effusion with fluid within the fissure.  2.  Right basilar opacity may represent atelectasis; however, infection cannot be  excluded.  3.  Unchanged peripheral left upper lobe opacity.
Small right apical and basal pneumothorax persists but is significantly decreased  than on the prior study.  A right Pleurx catheter is in place and right pleural  effusion has significantly decreased.
Large right hydropneumothorax with a moderate amount of fluid.  Hazy opacities involving the right middle and lower  lobes are concerning for hemorrhage or infectious process rather than reexpansion edema.
Substantial increase in the right pleural effusion that is partly subpulmonic.
Unchanged large right hydropneumothorax without evidence of tension.
Worsening left lower lung opacity, concerning for worsening effusion and  consolidation.  Extensive nodularity in the lungs compatible with known metastatic disease.
Extensive metastatic disease with loculated left pleural effusion.  Please note  evaluation for subtle differences would be limited due to extensive underlying metastatic  burden.
Interval decrease in size of the left pleural effusion, which is now moderate in  severity.  Bilateral consolidations, more dense on the left, persist.  Extensive  nodularity is consistent with known metastatic disease.
Large left perihilar mid-to-lower lung opacity, again seen on the  prior CT corresponded to innumerable pulmonary nodules, although superimposed  infection cannot be excluded.  There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle likely  corresponding to pleural effusion and is also seen on prior CT.  Nodular opacities in the  right lung to a lesser extent than on the right are again seen.
1.  Persistent patchy opacification in the left mid and lower lung fields, unchanged  from the prior exam.  2.  Improved right lower lung aeration with resolution of the previously seen opacity.  3.  Multiple small nodules are consistent with the patient's known history of metastatic renal  cell carcinoma.
Left-sided chest tube tip projects over the left lung apex.  Increased lucency in the left  hemithorax, no discrete pleural line identified based on this supine film.
Interval placement of a left-sided chest tube with overlying  subcutaneous gas.
Small right pleural effusion, similar to the exam 10 hours prior.
No evidence of pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Unchanged small right-sided pleural effusion.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Moderate to large right-sided pleural effusion is slightly increased in volume  compared to prior examination with collapse of much of the right lower lobe and  right middle lobe.  There is also some consolidation at the base of the  right upper lobe which could be due to compressive atelectasis.
Bilateral pleural effusions, new from prior exam with subjacent  consolidation which could represent compressive atelectasis.  The possibility of  pneumonia is not excluded.
Persistent bilateral small to moderate pleural effusions with mild to moderate pulmonary  vascular congestion.
1.  6 mm diameter rounded opacity in the left retrocardiac region, to the left of the descending aortic  interface.  This could represent an early focus of infection or malignancy.  2.  Minimal pleural thickening versus small effusion at lateral right costophrenic sulcus.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Calcification projecting over the cardiac silhouette to the left of  the aorta is not clearly localized on this single frontal radiograph, however, was not  present on the examination of ___.
Worsening bilateral pleural effusions and associated atelectasis.  Worsening pulmonary  vascular congestion.
1.  New mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.
Increasing bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary congestion in comparison  with the next preceding portable chest examination of ___.
Moderate pulmonary edema has progressed since yesterday.
Interval improvement in mild-to-moderately severe pulmonary edema.  However, moderate right  pleural effusion associated with right lower lung atelectasis and small left pleural  effusions are unchanged.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right internal jugular dialysis catheter terminates in the right atrium.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly with chronic subclincal pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Area of increase density overlying the right hilum with a sharp lower margin is of unclear clinical  significance. Correlate clinically.  3. Severe cardiomegaly.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, increased compared to radiographs from  ___.  Stable small bilateral pleural effusions.
Bibasilar opacities are larger and could reflect atelectasis or an aspiration  event.  Worsening infection cannot be excluded.
1. Endotracheal tube terminates 2 cm above the carina.  2. Right upper lung opacities are better assessed on the recent chest CT but suspicious for  pneumonia.
Decreased left-sided pleural effusion.  No evidence of  pneumothorax.
1.8cm rounded opacity in the right upper lobe, concerning for pneumonia.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution of this finding.
1.  Unchanged small left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.  2.  Endotracheal tube 4.7 cm from the carina.
1.  Endotracheal tube 5.3 cm from the carina.  2.  Unchanged left basilar atelectasis and small left pleural effusion.
Right apical opacity is stable and concerning for either a nodule or  infection.
Stable chest findings in comparison with next preceding study of ___.
Bilateral pleural effusions, which may be at least partially loculated.    Right upper lobe/suprahilar opacity underlying fiducial seed has increased since the  prior study, raising concern for progression of malignancy.  Streaky right infrahilar  opacity underlying chain sutures, may relate to chronic changes, although appears to have  increased since ___.
1.  Unchanged right upper lobe mass with fiducial marker in place.  2.  Stable small right and moderate left pleural effusions.  3.  Persistent left lower lobe atelectasis or consolidation.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Interval placement of a right subclavian approach central venous catheter with  tip in the lower SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and left pleural effusion.  Right upper lobe/suprahilar  opacity with fiducial marker is not significantly changed from exam from two weeks prior.
Stable chest findings.  Subdiaphragmatic air, new since the next  preceding examination of ___.
1.  New left lower lobe patchy opacity, concerning for developing pneumonia.  2.  Stable loculated small left pleural effusion and small right pleural  effusion.
Pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion.  Right suprahilar  mass is better correlated on cross-sectional imaging.
1.  Interval increase in severe pulmonary edema status post extubation.  2.  Complete obscuration of the costophrenic angles suggestive of bilateral pleural  effusions.
Mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema.
Slight interval improvement in left-sided ground glass opacity consistent with  improving pulmonary edema.
1.  Unchanged diffuse infiltrative and interstitial opacities since ___.  2.  Stable bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Interval decrease in pulmonary edema.  2.  Endotracheal tube is no less than 6.2 cm from the carina, could be advanced 2 cm for  optimal placement.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free intraperitoneal air.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions seen only on the lateral view have decreased since  ___.
Small-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions. Bibasilar atelectasis has improved since  ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Mild interstitial edema or atypical infection.
Findings concerning for enlarging right pleural effusion with possible  underlying parenchymal abnormality.  Persistent left basilar opacity not significantly changed.
1.  Significant interval improvement in the right pleural effusion with residual  opacifications likely representing combination of atelectasis and known malignancy;  cannot exclude superimposed infectious process.  2.  Dense opacity below the right hemidiaphragm appears to represent a large  subpulmonic effusion when compared to ___ chest CT.
Unchanged moderate to large right pleural effusion and small left pleural  effusion, with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  Decreased opacification at the right lung from ___.  2.  Unchanged post-treatment appearance of the right hemithorax with upper right rib  resection and volume loss.
New left lower lobe pneumonia.
New small bilateral pleural effusions.  Otherwise, no significant  interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New moderate-to-large right-sided pleural effusion with extensive coinciding  parenchymal atelectasis, substantially increased since the prior studies.  2.  Mild interstitial abnormality in each lung suggests mild fluid overload.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged right middle lobe atelectasis.  3.  Interval improvement in previously seen right lower lobe nodular opacities.
Interval improvement of right pleural effusion. Stable left pleural  effusion and atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Improved pulmonary edema.
1.  Retrocardiac opacity concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Bilateral prominent pulmonary arteries raise the concern for pulmonary artery  hypertension.
Resolved left lower lobe pneumonia.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Findings concerning for pneumonia in the right upper lobe.
Decreased right mid to upper lung opacity.  No new consolidations.
1.  New consolidative opacity in the right upper lobe concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  3.  Ill-defined nodular opacity within the right lung field measuring up to 10 mm is  likely infectious in etiology.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumothorax or other new  parenchymal abnormalities.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of cardiac enlargement or  congestive heart failure.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval placement of a right pleural pigtail catheter projecting over the  right lower chest and protruding no more than 2.5cm into the chest with associated  interval decrease in size of a small right-sided pleural effusion.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumothorax.
Interval increase in size of the soft tissue collection of air within the right  hemithorax.
Small right pleural effusion with chronic elevation of the right  hemidiaphragm.  Right basilar atelectasis.
Stable chest findings.  No significant pneumothorax in the apical  area.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable cardiomegaly.
Resolution of left perihilar consolidation and bilateral pleural  effusions.
No evidence of acute disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  BB marker projects over the lateral ninth and  ___ left ribs indicating patient's site of concern.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Known left upper lobe mass is not clearly  identified.
1.  New lingular opacity which could reflect an area of infection.  2.  Previously noted left upper lobe mass appears more vague with surrounding ill-defined  opacity, possibly related to infection.
Low lung volumes.  Vague opacity in the left mid to upper lung again seen in the  region of patient's known underlying mass.
Previously described left upper lobe mass is not seen on this radiograph.  Linear opacities in the left upper  lobe can be and a sequelae of prior treatment lung carcinoma.
Pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly worse in the interval.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Cardiomegaly with superimposed interstitial edema.
Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and  possible small left pleural effusion.
1.  Right tunneled internal jugular central venous catheter ends in the mid-to-low  SVC.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate cardiomegaly and bibasilar atelectasis.
1. ET tube terminates 3.9 cm above the carina.  2. Slight interval worsening of bibasilar atelectasis and moderate bilateral pleural  effusions, left greater than right.
Mild pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis.
1. Endotracheal and orogastric tubes in standard positions.  2. Worsening mild pulmonary edema with probable layering left pleural effusion.  3. Persistent bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect atelectasis, aspiration or infection.
Mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.
Slight interval progression of interstitial edema.
1.  Right IJ catheter tip in the mid to low SVC.  2.  Increased vascular congestion since previous imaging.
1.  Severe cardiomegaly has increased since ___ with right and left  atrial enlargement, consistent with right heart decompensation.  2.  Possible small left pleural effusion.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Interval increase in bilateral moderate pulmonary edema with interstitial  thickening and perihilar vascular congestion compared to the prior exam from ___.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Severe cardiomegaly.  Possible small nodule in the right mid lung zone could be  evaluated electively with chest CT if indicated.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary infiltrates.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar airspace opacities could reflect atelectasis though infection or aspiration  cannot be excluded.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and mild interstitial edema.
Left basilar opacity concerning for pneumonia.
Retrocardiac opacity with subtle air bronchograms could reflect left lower lobe  pneumonia.
Resolved bibasilar opacities.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Severe cardiomegaly with small left greater than right pleural  effusions.
1.  Interval increase in diffuse interstitial markings throughout the lungs bilaterally,  as well as new small bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Subtle increased interstitial markings in the left mid lung zone, with possible mild  peribronchial thickening. No lobar consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Unchanged mild to moderate cardiomegaly and chronic interstitial lung disease.
Findings compatible with fibrosis versus interstitial pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Chronic interstitial lung disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate to severe pulmonary edema.
1.  Worsening interstitial pulmonary edema.  2.  New small left pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with chronic interstitial markings.  No focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Interval increase in pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild bilateral  interstitial edema.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged mild diffuse interstitial opacities, thought to represent chronic  hypersensitivity pneumonitis on chest CT from ___.
Mild pulmonary edema with tiny right pleural effusion.
Diffuse bilateral interstitial markings, overall unchanged since ___.
Chronic interstitial lung disease. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Chronic interstitial lung disease. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial edema, improved since ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Chronic interstitial lung disease.
Interval increase in moderate pulmonary vascular congestion and diffuse  bilateral interstitial lung markings as well as peribronchiolar cuffing concerning for  pulmonary edema.
Persistent interstitial pulmonary edema with stable cardiomegaly.
Stable diffuse prominence of the interstitial markings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema, underlying interstitial lung disease not excluded.
Chronic interstitial lung disease.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Chronic interstitial lung disease without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary  process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.  Unchanged widening of the superior  mediastinum is due to both mediastinal lipomatosis and tortuous vessels as seen on  the prior CT from ___.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
1. Chronic diffuse interstitial abnormality, as seen on the CT from ___.  2. Unchanged mild cardiomegaly.
Bilateral interstitial opacities likely represent interstitial edema.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable mild interstitial lung disease.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable mid-thoracic compression fracture.
Resolved interstitial pulmonary edema.  Trace left pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with moderate interstitial edema.
Trace left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary  abnormality.
Interval improvement in the previously described pulmonary edema.  Unchanged moderate  bilateral effusions.
Increasing left hemithorax opacity with linear areas of lucency which may  represent air bronchograms.  This finding is consistent with edema or developing  consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Increased apparent lucency in the left aspect of the aortic knob, that though  may be projectional, pneumomediastinum cannot be excluded.  2. Improved bibasilar atelectasis and pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Moderate pulmonary edema, likely with both interstitial and alveolar components.
Mild interstitial edema.
Marked cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right middle lobe and lingular parenchymal opacities, concerning for  multifocal pneumonia.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Follow-up chest radiograph in ___ weeks to document  resolution of these findings.
1.  Mild interval decrease of a still moderate right pleural effusion.  2.  Increased opacification involving the right mid lung zone, likely atelectasis and  effusions.  3.  Stable fibrotic changes involving both lungs with left apical scarring compatible  with prior tuberculosis exposure.
Moderate right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, underlying  consolidation cannot be excluded.  Streaky and fibrotic opacities in the right lung involving the  upper, mid and lower lung fields, most noted in the left mid lung field,  also seen on the prior study.
1.  Stable moderate layering right pleural effusion since ___.  2.  No evidence of pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Posterior right seventh rib fracture is incompletely  evaluated due to overlying anterior rib.
Interval development of small bilateral pleural effusions. Underlying  consolidation is not excluded.    Dilated fluid-filled esophagus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.
Findings suggesting mild congestive heart failure with small to moderate  bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Increased density in the retrocardiac area in the left hemidiaphragm is  concerning for pneumonia.    2.  Blunting of the costophrenic sulci may be due to scarring and/or atelectasis.
1.  New asymmetric perihilar opacification of the right mid lung, concerning for  pneumonia.  2.  Bilateral pleural effusions, similar to increased on the right and perhaps  somewhat decreased on the left.  3.  Mild congestive heart failure.
Small-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions with overlying  atelectasis.  Mild- to-moderate interstitial edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.  2. 9 mm lung nodule projecting over the right anterior second rib interspace, for which further  evaluation with chest CT is recommended.
Increased pulmonary edema.  Borderline cardiomegaly.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.
Slight improvement of underlying pulmonary edema compared to ___.  Small left pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes.  Interstitial opacities appear more conspicuous on the  current exam which could be due to component of lower lung volumes and technique  however superimposed component of interstitial edema is suspected.
Mild cardiomegaly, mild pulmonary edema, and low lung volumes are stable.
Interval improvement in the degree of pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema and moderate left pleural effusion.
1.  No pneumothorax following removal of a right-sided chest tube.  2.  Worsening pulmonary vascular congestion with increasing predominantly interstitial edema.
Persistent retrocardiac opacity likely reflects combination of effusion and  atelectasis/consolidation.  Stable mild pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema. Hazy opacities in the left upper lung and right lung base  could reflect atelectasis or focal edema, although cannot exclude pneumonia or  aspiration in the right clinical setting.
Slight interval improvement in extent of interstitial pulmonary edema.
Interval development of moderate alveolar and interstitial pulmonary edema.
Moderate left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, left base consolidation is not  excluded.  Persistent pulmonary edema, possibly asymmetric on the left.
Small, bilateral pleural effusions with associated bibasilar atelectasis.    Mild vascular congestion consistent with fluid overload.
Worsening diffuse right greater than left opacities in the background of emphysema.
1.  Right mid and lower lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Small-to-moderate right pleural effusion.  3.  Rounded lucencies projecting over right hemithorax, are suggestive of cavities or  abscess formation.
Widespread airspace opacities, more prominent on the right, are consistent with  diffuse pneumonia.
Improved ground-glass opacification in the right lower and middle lobes  has improved since prior exam of ___ and significantly improved since  ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Worsening T8 vertebral body compression fractures.
Slightly increased opacity at the right base may represent atelectasis; however  developing pneumonia cannot be excluded.
Nasogastric tube side port below the GE junction.
NG tube tip in appropriate position.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Multiple lower thoracic and upper lumbar  compression fractures better assessed on prior CT torso from ___.
Nasogastric tube terminates in the upper esophagus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Hyperinflation with persistent reticular opacities projecting over the left lower  lung but markedly improved since the prior radiographs.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.
Bilateral upper lung reticular and nodular opacities with associated volume loss,  stable compared to the prior study.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent, stable bilateral upper lung reticular nodular opacities consistent with  history of sarcoidosis.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Stable bilateral linear opacities in the upper lungs with suggestion of  local fibrosis.
Interval decrease in the size of the cardiac silhouette which is now normal.
Stable mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Interval increase in pulmonary vascular congestion without frank interstitial  edema.  Small right-sided pleural effusion.
Resolution of previously detected left lower lung opacity.  Would recommend  non-emergent CT of the chest to ensure resolution of the previously detected lingular  opacity as well as multiple additional lung nodules described in detail on prior CT chest.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Unchanged moderate to severe cardiomegaly.  2.  Small right pleural effusion.
Small right pleural effusion.  Otherwise, unremarkable.
Minimal bibasilar atelectasis.  Possible trace bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable right basilar opacity.  Subtle prominence of perihilar  vasculature may be due to mild vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Findings suggestive of multifocal pneumonia.  An area of focal opacity  projecting over the left mid lung could represent an additional area of consolidation.  In addition,  there is increased vascular congestion, that should be -re-assessed after diuresis.
Vague opacity projecting over the right mid/lower lung which is new since prior and could represent  pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  New patchy airspace opacities in the bilateral lung bases, concerning for  aspiration.  2.  Chronic right pleural effusion and scarring related to radiation treatment.  3.  Unchanged 8 mm nodular opacity within the right lower lobe.
1.  Persistent ill-defined opacity in the right upper lobe, which may represent  atelectasis or pneumonia.  2.  Unchanged small right effusion or pleural thickening.  3.  Stable 8 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule.
1.  No evidence of active intrathoracic infection.  2.  Resolved multifocal pneumonia.  3.  Persistent blunting of the right posterior pleural sulcus could be due to scarring or a  small chronic pleural effusion.  4.  Emphysema.
New right lower lobe airspace opacity is likely due to aspiration pneumonia.
Patchy opacities in the right mid and lower lung fields as well as to a  lesser extent within the left lung base are suspicious for aspiration pneumonia.   Small bilateral pleural effusions, new in the interval.
1. New heterogenous parenchymal opacities involving the right upper lobe and right  lower lobe, compatible with patient's recent history of aspiration.  2. Small right pleural effusion is not significantly changed from prior.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Retrocardiac opacity is consistent with neo esophagus.
Mild blunting of the right CP angle could reflect a tiny effusion or pleural  thickening.
1.  Increased vague opacity in the right mid lung superimposed on bony  coalition may represent recurrent pneumonia.  2.  Known gastric pull-through for esophageal cancer is not distended.  3.  Right lower lobe nodule is similar in size through ___.
Hyperinflated lungs without acute cardiopulmonary process.  Small left pleural  effusion.  Right retrocardiac opacity compatible with a neo esophagus.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Fullness along the  right cardiac border, slightly more prominent as compared to the prior study, likely  relates to patient's gastric pull-through as seen on ___.
Near resolution of previously reported right lower lobe pneumonia with only  mild residual peribronchiolar opacification remaining in the right infrahilar area.
Resolved heterogeneous lung opacities in the right lung.  No new areas of  consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
1.  Interstitial opacities within the right upper lobe are thought to represent  recurrent pneumonia.  2.  Right lower lobe nodule is unchanged in size through ___.  3.  Small right pleural effusion.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Increased opacity in the right lung base, potentially due to atelectasis or  developing pneumonia.  Subtle left basilar opacity could be due to a combination of effusion and/or  consolidation.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
Worsening opacification within the right upper lobe is concerning for recurrent  pneumonia or aspiration.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Increased pulmonary vascular markings and redistribution.  2.  NG tube terminates in the esophagus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small right subpulmonic effusion with bibasilar atelectasis.
Small right pleural effusion is comparable to ___, slightly larger than on ___.  Elevation of the right lung base has been increasing slowly over the past ___ years.  Right basilar linear atelectasis is unchanged.
Trace right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.
New right lung base opacity compatible with at least some  component of pleural effusion with probable underlying airspace disease.
Minimal right pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Emphysema.
Trace right pleural effusion with overlying right basilar atelectasis.
Small right pleural effusion and atelectasis at the base of the right lung.
Decreased though persistent right-sided hydropneumothorax with interval incomplete  reexpansion of the right lung.  Right lower lung opacifications may reflect  combination of re expansion edema and atelectasis.
1.  Interval decrease in size of large right pleural effusion following thoracocentesis and  pigtail catheter placement.    2.  Ill-defined opacity in the left suprahilar region which was new on ___  radiograph is likely an aspiration pneumonia.
Slight interval decrease in size of previously seen right-sided  pneumothorax.  Interval enlargement of the right pleural effusion.
Stable chest findings in comparison with next preceding study of ___.
1.  New right pigtail catheter in the right lower hemithorax.  2.  Unchanged large right hydropneumothorax and left upper lobe pneumonia.  3.  Mild pulmonary edema.
Improved aeration of the lungs with persistence of a right basilar  loculated hydropneumothorax.
Interval resolution of the right pneumothorax with continued increase in  the right pleural effusion.
1. OG feeding tube coiled within the stomach with the tip pointing towards the fundus.  2. Unchanged moderate loculated right pleural effusion.  3. Stable left mid and lower lung opacities.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged chronic elevation of right  hemidiaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Improved vascular congestion.  Hiatal hernia.
Retrocardiac opacification could be due to atelectasis, although an infectious  process cannot be excluded.  Pulmonary vascular congestion without evidence of  interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Diffuse interstitial opacities, predominantly in the right lung base and  probably very mild in the left lung base are new, and given the clinical  history, likely represent lung infection (atypical viral) or asymmetric pulmonary  edema.  In view of history, a possibility of lymphangitic carcinomatosis also needs to be  ruled out.  Dense opacity in the perihilar region, likely radiation fibrosis has  significantly improved over ___
Increased density of opacification in the right lower hemithorax concerning for  developing infection.  Considerations include atypical infection, though asymmetric  pulmonary edema is possible.  Given history of lung malignancy, lymphangitic  carcinomatosis is also a consideration.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New right IJ line ends in the lower SVC/cavoatrial junction.
1.  Interval extubation.  2.  Unchanged degree of pulmonary vascular congestion and increased interstitial markings  indicative of pulmonary edema.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly with pericardial effusion.  4.  Left lower lobe ate leftasis or pneumonia, opacity.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema, worse in the interval. Bibasilar atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Increased opacity projecting over the right lung base raises concern for  underlying consolidation.  Dedicated PA and lateral views of the chest would be helpful for further  evaluation.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Mild pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent mild pulmonary vascular congestion and mild cardiomegaly.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air.
Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with left basilar atelectasis.  No focal opacity identified on  concurrent CT.
Retrocardiac opacity without clear correlate on the frontal view,  which was also present on prior radiographs.  This could represent atelectasis or  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
1.  Endotracheal tube tip is low, 2 cm above the carina.  This could be pulled back 2 to  3 cm for more optimal placement.  2.  Nasogastric tube distal tip is at least to the level of the GE junction.
Limited study secondary to patient positioning.  Enlargement of the vascular  pedicle and cephalization of the pulmonary vascularity, which is likely at least in part due to supine  positioning.
Patchy opacity at the left lung base is nonspecific, but could be due to  infection or aspiration.  Dedicated PA and lateral views if and when patient able, would be  helpful for further evaluation.
Pulmonary vascular congestion without definite focal consolidation.
Left lower lobe opacity likely reflects developing pneumonia versus atelectasis.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 4.1 cm above the carina.  2.  Mild vascular congestion with mild pulmonary edema.  3.  Increased opacity at the base of the left lung may reflect atelectasis.
1.  Increased opacification of the left base may represent artifact from patient  positioning or atelectasis, however superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  2.  Probable small left-sided pleural effusion.
1.  New or right middle lobe and right lower lobe collapse.  2.  Likely trace associated layering right pleural effusion.
1.  ETT terminates 5 cm above the level of the carina.  2.  New left upper lobe parenchymal density compatible with pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.  3.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right PICC line ends proximal to the junction of the right subclavian and  right internal jugular vein.  2.  Stable mild pulmonary venous engorgement and mediastinal widening.
Hazy left basilar opacity compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.
1.  Orogastric tube with the tip and side hole below the diaphragm.  2.  Ill-defined opacities at the left base, which likely represent atelectasis, but an  underlying lower lobe pneumonia cannot be excluded.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly and pulmonary hypertension.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Improved pulmonary edema.  Persistent patchy opacification of the right mid  and left upper lungs, which are background findings.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Extensive parenchymal opacities with distortion in both apices and chain sutures in the  right upper lobe are reflective of known malignancy and post treatment changes.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small right pleural effusion.  Right base  consolidation is not entirely excluded.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged scattered parenchymal opacities within both lungs, correlating to areas of  post-treatment change and known neoplastic disease.
Slight interval increase in left lower lung opacity, which may represent atelectasis or  aspiration.  Small right pleural effusion, slightly decreased from prior.
Malpositioned right internal jugular central venous catheter.
Nasogastric tube has been advanced with the first side port in the proximal stomach.  Endotracheal  tube is 2 cm from the carina.  Moderate right-sided effusion, small left effusion and moderate  cardiomegaly unchanged.  Asymmetric opacity in the right lower lobe also may represent  superimposed pneumonia.
1. Worsening left retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis or aspiration.  2. Small right pleural effusion appears smaller although this may be due to more upright positioning.
Worsening pulmonary edema.  Right basilar opacity may be due to fluid overload,  although an underlying consolidation is not excluded.
1. Interval improvement in interstitial edema.  2. Small bilateral effusions.  3. Right upper lobe opacity corresponds to the mass demonstrated on recent CT.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No significant interval change from the previous CT.  Ill-defined focal opacities within both upper lobes as well as  the left lower lobe, not substantially changed in the interval, and better assessed on the prior CT.
1. Increased right pleural effusion, now small to moderate.  2. Left suprahilar opacity is partially attributed to postsurgical scarring as well as the  previously seen consolidation, however is not well evaluated on this single frontal projection.
Bilateral pleural effusions and mild interstitial abnormality predominantly  visualized at the lung bases.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Interval worsening moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Mild perihilar fullness, slightly improved compared to the prior exam.  2. Small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left are persistent.  3. No evidence of pneumothorax.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process seen.  2.  Unchanged spiculated opacity in the right upper lung and more ill-defined opacity  in the left mid lung.  These opacities were seen on the prior CT chest.
Right IJ central venous catheter tip projects over the lower SVC.
Slight decrease in size of moderate right pleural effusion.  Improving left  retrocardiac opacity.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable moderate right pleural effusion.
Interval improvement in large right pleural effusion with residual mild-to-moderate  fluid.  Ill-defined opacity in the right upper lung is consolidation unless  proven otherwise.
1.  Small right basilar pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate right pleural effusion with increased asymmetric pulmonary vascularity involving the right  lung.  3.  Unchanged moderate right lower lobe atelectasis and minimal left basilar opacities.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion/edema.
1.  Mild cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Possible small left pneumothorax.  3.  Stable right upper lobe scarring and upper zone lucency, reflecting known emphysema.  4.  Nodular opacity in the left mid lung is stable since ___.
Slight interval increase in pulmonary edema and moderate right pleural  effusion.  Persistent opacification at the right base may be a pneumonia.
Slight interval increase in size of bilateral pleural effusions, now moderate to  large.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Subtle peribronchial opacity only seen on frontal view in the left lung superior  and lateral to the left hilus is unchanged since prior examination.  No acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Retrocardiac opacity persists but is improved since exam ___ days prior.  No  definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 4:30 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Previously noted patchy opacity within the right lower lobe seen on CT is not well  visualized on the current exam. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Bravo pH capsule projecting in the  expected location of the distal esophagus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary infiltrates.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild pulmonary edema.
Pulmonary vascular congestion without definite superimposed acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial edema and pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Possible mild increase in vascular congestion as compared to the prior study.
Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, and previously present mild pulmonary edema has  resolved.
Pulmonary vascular congestion and cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with superimposed pulmonary edema.  More dense left basilar  opacity, particularly on the frontal view could be combination of atelectasis noting that  infection is difficult to exclude.
Interval placement of an endotracheal tube, which is low lying with tip approximately 1.6  cm above the carina.  An esophageal tube is in place coursing inferior to the  diaphragm; however, tip out of view of the radiograph.
Cardiomegaly with mild congestive heart failure.
Persistent pulmonary edema.  Evaluation of the left lung base is less than optimal due to  underpenetration from overlying body habitus although no definite focal consolidation seen.
Low lung volumes with possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small  left pleural effusion.  Patchy bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities silhouetting the hemidiaphragms and  diffuse vascular congestion.
Bibasilar opacities persist, although or less consolidated in appearance  compared to the prior radiograph.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Unchanged degree of pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Moderate cardiomegaly and mild to moderate pulmonary edema, similar to  slightly increased compared to ___.  2.  Dense retrocardiac consolidation is likely related to edema but superimposed  consolidation cannot be excluded.
Cardiomegaly with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.
NG tube has been advanced now terminating in the stomach although the side port is  difficult to visualize.
No change.
1.  Endotracheal tube lies approximately 5 cm above the carina.  2.  Bibasilar opacities, more prominent on the left, most likely representing  atelectasis and small effusion.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed  pneumonia would have to be considered.
Improved pulmonary edema, now moderate.
Pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema.  Left retrocardiac opacity likely  reflects pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.  An underlying left basilar  consolidation cannot be excluded.
Mild pulmonary edema, perhaps minimally worse compared to the previous exam. Small  bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  New endotracheal tube terminates 4.0 cm above the carina.  2.  Persistent cardiomegaly, mild to moderate pulmonary edema, and hilar congestion.
Worsening pulmonary edema with interval increase in small left pleural effusion.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  New ET tube 5.4 cm above the carina.  2.  Worsening pulmonary edema.
Stable cardiomegaly. Left upper extremity PICC line extends into the distal left  brachiocephalic vein.
Pulmonary edema, minimally less extensive when compared to prior. Retrocardiac  region is not well-visualized potentially in part due to overlying soft tissues and  atelectasis although underlying infection cannot be excluded.
Pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with probable small bilateral pleural effusions. Prominent  pulmonary vasculature and prominence of the hila is suggestive of pulmonary hypertension.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Endotracheal tube ends at the level of the inferior clavicular heads and is no  less than 5.2cm above the carina.  2.  New opacification of both lower lobes despite no change in lung volumes  is concerning for pneuomonia. The azygous vein is bigger than before with increased  caliber of the left upper lobe vessels. Flattening of the right humeral head may be due
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute disease.  Nodular focus projecting over the right lower lung,  probably a nipple shadow, although not visualized on prior radiographs.
Slight increase in size of the left pleural effusion since the prior radiograph.
1.  Linear interstitial opacities in the left lung may represent scarring or  pneumonia.  2.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions with  bibasilar atelectasis.
Faint bibasilar opacities with possible bronchial wall thickening, similar to  that seen on ___.
Increased focal opacification within the left lower lobe in setting of known  transbronchial biopsy is likely related to focal hemorrhage superimposed on known  area of focal opACification/though is out of proportion to expected.
Interval placement of a left-sided chest tube which appears to  terminate approximately at the level of the medial left diaphragm and may extend to the  mediastinum.  There has been re-expansion of the left lung with  opacity in the left mid-to-lower lung which could be due to pulmonary hemorrhage/contusion,  partial collapse, or less likely infection.  Subcutaneous emphysema is seen along the left chest
Very large left pneumothorax with collapse of the left lung.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumonia.
Small left pleural effusion.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Unchanged left lower lobe pneumonia.  No pneumothorax.
Persistent right middle lobe consolidation consistent with the patient's known  post-obstructive pneumonia.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Findings suggesting right middle lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Patchy bibasilar opacities suggesting a combination of atelectasis and  pleural effusion.
No significant interval change.  Persistent retrocardiac opacity, which could represent  atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Left-sided pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Mild interstitial abnormality, suggestive of mild congestion.
Pulmonary edema and pulmonary vascular congestion.
Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  Small right pleural effusion.
1.  Stable massive cardiomegaly and dilatation of the main pulmonary artery.  2.  Unchanged moderate bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval increase in size of a now moderate left pleural effusion with left  basilar atelectasis.
Persistent left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.  Left base  retrocardiac opacity likely represents combination of atelectatic and effusion,  although underlying consolidation is difficult to exclude.
Persistent cardiomegaly and left pleural effusion.  Slight increase in  markings in the right lung base, this may be artifactual, although underlying  consolidation is not excluded.
Moderate to severe pulmonary edema with bilateral moderate size pleural  effusions.  Mid and lower lung right greater than left pulmonary opacities, may reflect  atelectasis in this setting of pleural effusions and vascular congestion, however a  multifocal infectious process or aspiration cannot be excluded.
Stable moderate left pleural effusion and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.   Left lung base consolidation is concerning for pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.  Peripheral right lung base opacity is more conspicuous since prior exam.
Stable examination with unchanged left base retrocardiac opacification likely  representing a combination of atelectasis and effusion.
1.  Increased left lower lobe atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Stable cardiomegaly.
Cardiomegaly with tiny right pleural effusion.
1.  Increased opacification in the left lower lobe could be a combination of pleural  effusion with associated atelectasis or in the appropriate clinical setting, focal  consolidation.  2.  Stable small right-sided pleural effusion.  3.  Severe cardiomegaly with an apparent gradual increase in size from prior  studies which is concerning for pericardial effusions.
Moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  Left basilar opacity could be due to  pleural fluid noting that underlying consolidation cannot be completely excluded.
NG tube can be followed through the stomach pointing towards the duodenum.  No  evidence of new pulmonary congestion or pleural effusions.  Linear density on the right base is  compatible with some aspiration, which may be related to the NG tube as  indicated in the requisition.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Suspected right middle lobe mass is present since at least ___ and  previously evaluated on CT.  3.  Right basilar fibrosis is better demonstrated on prior CT.
1.  Improved aeration of the lungs since ___.  2.  Persistent alveolar opacity in a bibasilar predominance.  3.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Moderate left and small right pleural effusions with pulmonary  edema.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial  edema.  Rounded densities projecting over the peripheral right upper lung zone on the AP view may  represent pulmonary nodules.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval increase in perihilar opacities, right greater than left,  which may be due to infectious process with possible superimposed edema.
New enteric catheter ends either at the gastric antrum or first portion of  the duodenum.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Persistent left basilar atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with small left pleural effusion and mild pulmonary edema.   Small area of consolidation in the left upper lobe concerning for pneumonia.
Persistent very large hiatal hernia with bibasilar atelectasis and small  bilateral pleural effusions.
COPD.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Very subtle hazy opacities in the right lower lobe are new compared to  the prior study from ___, possibly atelectasis or a very early pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this  finding.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Substantial new right lower lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute intrathoracic process.  COPD.
Right basilar opacity without any corresponding opacity seen on the lateral view likely  represents atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New density in the retrosternal clear space suggests the presence of an anterior  mediastinal lesion, of note in prior CT there were enlarge lymph nodes in this  location.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Persistent prominence of the left hilum which appears site less confluent as  compared to ___, but more prominent as compared to chest radiograph from ___,  underlying lymphadenopathy not excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Enlarged left hilum, which may be due to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion.
Obscuration of the right heart border would ordinarily suggest right middle lobe  pneumonia, but there is no corresponding abnormality on the lateral view.
New right lower lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia, superimposed on  preexisting patchy medial right middle lobe opacification that appears more chronic, also  comparing to ___, although the lungs had been clear on earlier radiographs from ___.
Persistent right middle lobe heterogeneous opacity is concerning for chronic  aspiration, although pneumonia could have a similar appearance.
Right middle lobe pneumonia.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Followup radiographs after treatment to ensure resolution of this finding.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Ovoid lucency projecting over the right tracheobronchial angle and a crescentic lucency  projecting along the junction of the left heart border and aortic lumen and a small  subdiaphragmatic crescentIC lucency is also seen beneath the right hemidiaphragm.
1.  Interval increase in right pleural effusion, now small to moderate in size.  2.  Decreased mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and no pulmonary edema.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions.   Prominent lung markings raise the possibility of chronic lung disease.
Interval improvement in the previously described left mid upper lung  opacity.  Persistent left lower lobe consolidation and possible trace pleural  effusion.
1.  3-cm irregularly marginated mass in the lingula, which has grown since prior studies.    2.  Unchanged right lower lobe round atelectasis and bilateral pleural plaques/  pleural thickening.  Stable persistent blunting of the right costophrenic angle and  stable interstitial opacities within the lower lungs.
Interval improvement of opacities along the right lower lung.
Interval placement of a Swan-Ganz catheter with the tip slightly beyond  the mediastinum.
Bilateral pleural thickening and plaques, in keeping with history of previous asbestos  exposure.  Multifocal areas of linear scarring and/or atelectasis are also  present predominantly in the mid and lower lungs.  No superimposed areas of consolidation  identified to suggest an acute pneumonia.
1.  Increased hazy opacification of the lungs may represent mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged bilateral pleural plaques and pleural thickening.  3.  Rounded opacity in the left mid lung zone, previously seen on ___ and thought to  represent an area of round atelectasis which has resolved in the interim and  recurred.
Possible minimal increased left lung hazy opacity which could be due to  edema.
Interval placement of a right internal jugular line with tip in the  distal SVC.  No pneumothorax.
1.  New left upper lobe opacity is concerning for a developing pneumonia.  2.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  3.  Improved retrocardiac consolidation, either representing improving atelectasis or  pneumonia.
Interval placement of a large-bore dual-lumen right central venous  catheter, distal aspect not well seen, but likely terminating at the cavoatrial  junction/proximal right atrium.
1.  Interval improvement in right lower lobe opacity since the prior study,  however hazy opacification persists, difficult to discern whether new since the  prior study or whether never fully resolved.  2.  Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly, similar in comparison with the prior AP  radiograph, but increased since ___.
Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Right IJ central venous catheter tip in the mid SVC.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No visualized free intraperitoneal air.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 3.3 cm above the carina.  2.  Cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.
Marked cardiomegaly with right mid-to-lower lung opacity concerning for  pneumonia.  Trace pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  Opacities projecting over the spine on the lateral  radiograph are concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Right middle lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the  proper clinical setting.
1. Nasogastric tube terminates in the distal stomach.  2. Unchanged severe bilateral airspace opacities and small layering right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Bibasilar atelectasis.  2.  Interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette with now somewhat globular  morphology.  3.  Tubing loops over the epigastric region and with the tip projecting at the  dome of the left hemidiaphragm over the cardiac silhouettes.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Findings compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  atelectasis.  Possible small right pleural effusion.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate-large hiatal hernia.
ETT terminates 4 cm above the level of the carina.  No pneumothorax.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Right lower lobe nodule is similar in appearance to prior radiograph and CT,  however true volume cannot be measured on radiography.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Vague nodular focus projecting  over the right lateral lung for which further evaluation with chest CT is  recommended.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  2.  Worsening right lower lobe atelectasis.  3.  Stable bilateral apical pneumothoraces.
Interval removal of right IJ central venous catheter.  No acute  intrathoracic process.
Right upper extremity PICC line terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction.
Slightly increased hazy opacities at the right lung base, which could represent  pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged, moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Right PICC line terminates at least at the mid SVC and the tip is obscured by  overlying pacer leads.
Stable chest findings status post pacer placement.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with possible minimal central vascular engorgement without  overt pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Subtle right lower lobe opacity is concerning for pneumonia.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution of this finding.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right PICC terminates near the right subclavian and internal jugular vein  confluence.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Interval decrease in right basilar opacities.  Tiny right pleural effusion.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion.
Findings suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Patchy right basilar  opacities may reflect atelectasis, although superimposed infection cannot be  excluded.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip in the mid/low SVC.  No  pneumothorax identified on this supine exam.
Extensive consolidation in the right lower lung, probably in the  right lower lobe, concerning for pneumonia.
Patchy right lower lobe opacity is worrisome for consolidation  which could be due to infection or aspiration.
Limited evaluation due to respiratory motion especially in the lower lungs.   The previously seen right basilar patchy opacity appears improved.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Large left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis and/or consolidation in the  left mid and lower lung region.  Slight interval improvement in adjacent right mid and basilar  opacities.
Opacity in the left mid and lower lung concerning for pneumonia.
Slightly increased retrocardiac opacity is likely atelectasis although  infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.
Interval placement of a Dobbhoff tube, which is coiled within the pharynx.  No  pneumothorax.
Bilateral chest tubes in appropriate position with no reaccumulation of  pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
Marked improvement of previously identified massive pleural  effusion occupying major portions of the right hemithorax.  New pigtail end small caliber  catheter is now seen on the right base and explains the evacuation of the  pleural effusion that occurred during the interval.
No evidence of pneumothorax.  Stable large right layering pleural effusion and  bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  Linear lucency along the trachea concerning for pneumomediastinum.  2.  Suggestion of a moderate-sized pneumothorax in this region with no evidence of  expected associated volume loss.  3.  Small rounded radiopaque density projecting in the right mid lung and crossing a  different bony structure than on prior study, indicating it is not within the bone and may  represent a calcified granuloma.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Improved aeration of the lung bases.  Dobbhoff tube tip in the mid stomach.
Interval resolution of right pleural effusion.  Persistent bilateral  subcutaneous gas in the soft tissues of the neck as well as trace pneumomediastinum at  the level of the trachea.
1.  Improved atelectasis in the right upper lung and left lower lung.  2.  Bilateral pulmonary vascular congestion, essentially unchanged.  3.  Hazy opacity over the left lung base suggests a layering pleural effusion.
1.  New right IJ line with tip projecting over the mid SVC.  2.  Endotracheal tube is approximately 1.5 cm from the carina and should be withdrawn several  centimeters for optimal positioning.  3.  Enteric tube side port just proximal to the GE junction and should also be  advanced.  4.  Fullness of the soft tissues in the right hilar region are seen, the etiology of which is  uncertain
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged 1.5 x 1.3 cm left mid lung nodule.
Interval placement of an endotracheal tube, terminating approximately 3 cm  above the level of the carina.  Left-sided internal jugular central venous catheter  terminates in the proximal SVC.  Interval development of left lower lobe  atelectasis with possible effusion and pulmonary edema.
Bibasilar opacities suggestive of layering pleural effusions.   Vascular congestion and prominence of the azygos vein.
1.  Endotracheal tube within 1 cm of the carina and should be withdrawn.  2.  Enteric tube tip at the gastric fundus, side port likely just beyond the GE  junction.
1.  Dobbhoff tube in appropriate position.  2.  Unchanged left lower and upper lobe consolidations.
1. Endotracheal tube tip within 1 cm of the carina.  2. Enteric tube tip at the gastric fundus, side port not clearly identified on the  current exam.
Interval removal of endotracheal tube and enteric feeding tube.  No pneumothorax.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Chronic or recurrent mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
1. Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  2. Bilateral loculated pleural effusions are grossly unchanged.  3. Right basilar opacity may be due to atelectasis, but there is persistent elevation of the  right hemidiaphragm.
Perihilar vascular congestion and chronic loculated bilateral pleural effusions.
Low lung volumes with bilateral loculated pleural effusions and right base  opacity which may be due to atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable moderate bilateral pleural  effusions.
1.  Unchanged bilateral layering pleural effusions.  2.  Decreased interstitial edema and pulmonary vascular congestion.
Bilateral loculated pleural effusions and right basilar atelectasis.
1.  Moderate-to-large loculated right pleural effusion is longstanding, but  appears increased in size from prior exam.  2.  Bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis or aspiration.  3.  Mild pulmonary edema.
New peribronchial opacities in the left lower lung and right lung base are  concerning for aspiration.
Nodular area of opacification in the left mid lung field was not clearly  demonstrated on the prior radiograph.  This could represent an area of infection or  aspiration.  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution of this finding.
Ill-defined opacities within the left upper lobe and left lung base, as seen on the previous  chest radiograph, concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
Slight interval increase in the opacity in the lingula, which may represent  atelectasis or pneumonia.
Persistent opacity in the region of the lingular mass, decreased in comparison to  the postbiopsy opacity noted in ___ but greater than expected for  postoperative hemorrhage at this time and thus raising suspicion for a possible infectious  process.
1.  Resolved right lower lobe pneumonia.  2.  Stable lingular opacities adjacent to healed rib fractures.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Vague opacification projecting over the lingula is likely a combination of  residual mass and a small, not unexpected hemorrhage.
1.  Small left pleural effusion, slightly increased compared to the prior study.  2.  Rounded consolidative opacity within the lingula is mildly smaller compared to ___.   This could represent atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval progression of the left upper lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia.  Additional nodules  previously described are not as clearly delineated by x-ray.
Lingular opacity, corresponding to the consolidation seen on the prior chest  CT.  Given the patient's symptoms and history of a lingular infiltrate, this most  likely represents a residual area of cryptogenic organizing pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary edema with superimposed pneumonia.
Moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.  Bibasilar opacities are felt to more likely  relate to vascular congestion rather than consolidation, however in the appropriate  clinical setting, underlying pneumonia is difficult to exclude.
Increasing bibasilar opacities are likely related to increasing pulmonary  edema and atelectasis.
Mild left base atelectasis/scarring.  Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
New central venous catheter terminates in the left brachiocephalic vein.
Findings suggesting congestive heart failure.  Patchy bibasilar  opacities, more prominent in the retrocardiac area than at the right lung base,  decreased from ___ but not necessarily chronic.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Right lower lung opacities are increased since ___, concerning for  worsening or new pneumonia.
Left-sided consolidation involving the left upper lobes and possibly portions of  the lingula and left lower lobe is seen.  Trace left pleural effusion.  Subtle  opacity at the right lung base of is more likely due to atelectasis but an additional site of  infection is not excluded.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.
Multifocal pneumonia.
1. Right IJ line terminates in the SVC.  No pneumothorax.  2. Unchanged bilateral lower zone linear and hazy opacities with small left pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.   Asymmetric opacity in the right lung is concerning for a superimposed pneumonia.
Persistent multifocal pneumonia.  Small left pleural effusion.
Markedly improved aeration of the lungs with patchy bibasilar opacities,  potentially infectious or atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased retrocardiac opacity raises concern for pneumonia.
Slight interval increase in left lower lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary edema, minimally improved from the prior examination.
Mild worsening of pulmonary edema.  Small left pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal and enteric tubes in appropriate position.  Bibasilar  airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.
Interval placement of a right central dialysis catheter with small left  pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.  Bilateral hilar vascular prominence is  re- demonstrated with subtle nodularity in the left upper lung likely representing  confluence of vasculature though a true nodule difficult to exclude.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and small bilateral pleural effusions,  decreased in size compared to the previous exam.  Patchy bibasilar airspace  opacities likely reflect atelectasis, but infection is not fully excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Large bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent compressive  atelectasis.  Pulmonary edema.
Top normal heart size with tiny left pleural effusion.
Moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with resolution of pulmonary  edema.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions. Bibasilar  opacities likely reflect a combination of effusions and atelectasis; although, underlying  infection cannot be excluded.
Possible superimposed pulmonary edema.  Slight blunting of both  costophrenic angles, felt most likely to be due to overlying soft tissues, but trace  pleural effusions be difficult to exclude.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  2.  Mild chronic-appearing compression deformities along the upper thoracic spine; although  unlikely to represent acute fractures, there may be some increase in the degree of attenuated body  heights at one or more levels since the prior CT from several years ago.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Unchanged multifocal parenchymal opacities consistent with multifocal pneumonia.  2.  Subtle lobulated lucencies in the right mid lung are suggestive of pneumatoceles.  3.  Improved left-sided pleural effusion.
Bilateral middle lobe opacities are concerning for pneumonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Consolidations in the right mid lung and retrocardiac  location could reflect a concurrent pneumonia.
1.  New thin linear density along the left apex, which may represent a  pneumothorax.  Alternatively, it could be a skinfold.  2.  Worsening bibasilar opacities, right more than left, likely due to pulmonary edema from  re-expansion after the right thoracentesis.
1.  Near complete resolution of the right pleural effusion following thoracentesis.  2.  Unchanged patchy bilateral opacities, consistent with known pneumonia.  3.  Slight increase in size of small left pleural fluid.  4.  Bibasilar atelectasis and reexpansion edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Decreased right-sided pleural effusion, now small to moderate in size.    2.  Unchanged rounded opacity superimposed along the right cardiac border that was previously  seen to correspond to fluid and consolidation on the recent prior chest CT.  This could  represent resolving infection or atelectasis associated with effusions.  3.  Vague nodular opacity projecting over the right upper lung that is similar to better  defined compared to the recent
Interval regression of previously identified multifocal  infiltrates in patient with history of cough.
Subtle basilar opacities seen similar to the prior study may  relate to nipple shadows and are not appreciated on the lateral view.
Worsening pneumonic infiltrates in patient with history of  cough.
1.  Obscuration of the left border, which may represent early lingular  pneumonia, and is not definitely seen on the lateral view.  2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Left PIC catheter tip projects over distal SVC/cavoatrial junction.  2.  Bilateral multifocal consolidations involving predominantly right lung,  possibly also involving the lingula appear more conspicuous from ___ exam.  3.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Bibasilar opacities compatible with right middle lobe and lingular  pneumonia.
Residual hazy opacities persist at bilateral lung bases and inferior lingula from  prior recent infection but are significantly improved from prior study.
Patchy new opacity in the lateral segment of the right middle lobe,  worrisome for pneumonia.
Small residual consolidation in the lingula, which continues to  decrease in size as compared to the prior studies.
Interval improvement of multifocal infiltrates.  No new  pneumothorax.
No significant interval change from immediately prior study dated ___.
1.  Worsening right middle lobe and left lingular infiltrate.  2.  Increased small bilateral pleural effusions.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  Bilateral small pleural effusions.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and pulmonary edema has worsened since  ___.
Lower lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Mild central hilar congestion is  improved from prior exam.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and retrocardiac atelectasis.  Possible trace  right pleural effusion.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  Basilar opacities may relate to fluid overload;  however, infectious process is not excluded.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new infiltrates.  Extensive bilateral  chest wall emphysema.
1.  Worsening heterogeneous airspace opacities in the right lower lobe are concerning for  aspiration or evolving infectious pneumonia.  2.  Extensive subcutaneous emphysema has worsened, and is particularly more marked in  the neck, axilla and lateral chest wall as compared to the prior studies.  3.  Numerous air-fluid levels are again demonstrated in the left upper lobe lateral to the left  hilum, and may reflect hemorrh
1.  Endotracheal tube tip 6 cm above the carina.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Increased opacity at the lateral right lung base thought to represent scarring versus  infectious process on prior study is better evaluated on current study and appears to be  consistent with scarring, unchanged from ___.
Moderate pulmonary edema has worsened and mild-to-moderate bilateral pleural  effusions have increased.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Bilateral small layering pleural effusions with mild interstitial  pulmonary edema.
1.  Increased diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, consistent with edema.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and small right and  moderate left pleural effusions.
Increased consolidation of the left lower lung as well as in the upper lung  concerning for pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Increased retrocardiac opacity which may represent atelectasis or  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
1.  Stable multiple loculated right pleural effusions.  2.  Tiny linear and nodular opacities in the left upper lobe since ___.  These could represent  atelectasis, aspiration, or infection.  3.  Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.
1.  Interval resolution of the large right pleural effusion with re-expansion  atelectasis.  2.  New small left pleural fluid.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly and central venous engorgement.
1.  Resolution of the small right-sided pneumothorax.  2.  Unchanged small layering right pleural effusion.  3.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly decreased from yesterday.
1.  Right middle and lower lobe collapse.  2.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.  3.  Small right pleural effusion has returned to the size it was on ___.
1.  Interval increase in mild pulmonary edema.    2.  New small left pleural effusion.
Large focal consolidation involving the right lower lobe which may also  involve the right middle lobe with associated moderate pleural fluid on the right side,  all of which are new findings since the prior study ___ ___.
Little change in appearance of large loculated right pleural effusion.
No significant interval change when compared to prior exam.
Moderate right pleural effusion has increased compared to the prior  study from ___, likely with a subpulmonic component.  A concomitant  consolidative process at the right lung base cannot be excluded.  Mild pulmonary vascular  congestion without frank interstitial edema.
Large right pleural effusion, slightly increased compared to the prior study.  Right basilar  opacification could reflect compressive atelectasis though infection is not excluded.
Persistent loculated right pleural effusion.  No evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Worsening right pleural effusion.
1.  Slight interval increase in size of a moderate loculated right pleural effusion.  2.  Increased heterogeneous opacities in the right mid to lower lung, possibly partially due to  overlying pleural fluid, although atelectasis or infection in this region is certainly  possible.  3.  Central adenopathy, increased compared to prior radiographs from ___.
Persistent loculated right pleural effusion with slight interval  improvement in aeration of the right upper lung.
Increased opacity in the right lung and probable increase in size of  loculated right pleural effusion.  Findings are concerning for a superimposed  consolidation/pneumonia.
Persistent substantial layering right pleural effusion with compressive  atelectasis.  Interval engorgement of pulmonary vessels, particularly on the left.
Slight interval increase in size of right-sided pleural effusion with  underlying parenchymal opacity, potentially atelectasis; however, infiltrate is also  possible.
Very ill-defined opacity is seen on the lateral view only in the posteroinferior lung  overlying the lower thoracic spine which is concerning for pneumonia.
Interval increase in extent of opacification of the right hemithorax, compatible with  increasing size of a large layering right pleural effusion.  Bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild  pulmonary vascular congestion.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased right infrahilar opacity, probably due to a combination of  atelectasis and/or infection.  Superimposed chronic interstitial abnormality in the  lung bases is also possible.
Interval increase in the pulmonary edema, greater on the right than on the left.   Small bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis.
Slight interval decrease in size of bilateral pleural effusions, right  greater than left.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Possible small left pleural effusion.
Bibasilar patchy opacities, more extensive on the right than left, concerning for  multifocal pneumonia.  Peribronchial cuffing may be due to atelectasis, although  superimposed infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Chronic blunting of the left lateral costophrenic angle potentially due to  atelectasis or small effusion. Mild vascular congestion without overt edema.
Bibasilar and right perihilar atelectatic changes, similar compared to ___ and  also seen on the CT abdomen and pelvis from ___.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
No significant interval change.  Persistent bibasilar opacities, more  apparent on the lateral view on today's exam.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and mild pulmonary vascular  congestion.
Possible trace left pleural effusion.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Left PICC has been re-positioned with the tip now terminating in the left brachiocephalic  vein.  2.  Worsening right basilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema.
Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly with unchanged left pleural effusion and  left lower lobe atelectasis.
Interval improved aeration of the bilateral upper lungs; however, there is  persistent if not slightly improved bibasilar opacifications, possibly due to  atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions, though superimposed infectious process is  not excluded.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema, similar compared to the prior exam, with a  small to moderate left pleural effusion and probable small right pleural  effusion.  Left basilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate left pleural effusion and  opacification of the left lower lung.
Small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions, increased in size from prior.   More focal appearing consolidations are seen in the middle lobe and a lower lobe,  probably left.  Findings consistent with congestive failure.
Persistent bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion.  No gross pneumothorax.
Pulmonary vascular congestion with possible small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Interval progression of bilateral parenchymal opacities compatible with pulmonary  edema.  More dense retrocardiac opacity silhouetting the hemidiaphragm suspicious for  superimposed effusion.
Small right pleural effusion, decreased in comparison to the prior study.
Interval resolution of left tension pneumothorax following chest tube  placement.  Persistent small residual pleural effusion.  Small amount of  pneumopericardium is likely related to recent surgery.  Consider retracting the  ET tube by 2 cm for appropriate seating.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
Chronic interstitial changes in the lungs, which have somewhat increased,  which may be related to interstitial edema.
Mild-to-moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Minimal left basilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Lucency below the left hemidiaphragm on the frontal and adjacent to the right  hemi thoracic vertebral body on the lateral, which could represent atelectasis or infection in the proper clinical  setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased interstitial markings bilaterally not significantly changed from ___,  but no focal opacities to suggest pneumonia.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Subtle increase in opacification in the retrocardiac region, superimposed on a  stable mild background of interstitial abnormality.
1.  Endotracheal tube 4 cm above the carina.  2.  Calcified pleural plaques throughout the right and left lung.  3.  Trace bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval resolution of right apical pneumothorax. Right mid and lower lung  opacities persist, but are much improved from ___.
Small right apicolateral pneumothorax, minimally decreased in size since the  recent study.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.
Patchy left basilar opacity, which may represent atelectasis or infection in the  appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Nodules in the left perihilar region and bilateral lung apices concerning for  metastases.  Nonurgent chest CT is suggested to further evaluate.
Pulmonary edema, slightly improved from prior exam.  An underlying  pneumonia cannot be fully excluded.
Moderate interstitial pulmonary edema and moderate bilateral pleural  effusions.
Interval improvement in bilateral pleural effusions and interstitial edema.
Bilateral interstitial and airspace opacities, predominantly basal, have  worsened substantially since ___.
1.  New heterogeneous opacities in the right upper lung and left lower lung are  concerning for infection.  2.  Increased small to moderate left pleural effusion.
Continued progressive consolidation involving the left lung with  asymmetric opacification distributed throughout the right hemithorax most compatible with  multifocal pneumonia.
No evidence of acute or chronic pulmonary infiltrates in this  patient with history of COPD.
1. Endotracheal tube ends approximately 4.8 cm above the carina and is appropriate in  position.  2. Interval improvement in asymmetric, mild, right pulmonary edema.
Minimal interstitial edema.  Emphysema.
Worsening pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Patchy right infrahilar opacity,  suspected to represent minor atelectasis.
Bilateral basilar interstitial abnormality is new from ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly increased when compared to the prior study.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with chronic right basal  atelectasis. Subtle retrocardiac linear density may represent focal areas of  scarring as this appears unchanged from prior exam.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Prominence of the superior mediastinum is  compatible with mediastinal lipomatosis seen on ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.  Bibasilar  streaky opacities most likely reflect atelectasis; however, superimposed infection is not  excluded in the appropriate clinical context.
1.  Patchy right middle lobe consolidations may represent pneumonia in the right clinical  circumstances.  2.  Pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Right infrahilar pneumonia.  2.  Improved pulmonary edema, although a small amount of edema remains.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  Retrocardiac  opacity may represent atelectasis though pneumonia is not excluded.
Mild pulmonary edema.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable pulmonary hypertension and vascular engorgement.
Minimal increase in bilateral airspace opacities suggesting pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema is improved from prior exam.  Dilated main pulmonary artery is  compatible with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Stable cardiomegaly with severe pulmonary edema and likely small  bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Increased radiodensiy in the right lower lung zone and since the left  lower lung is difficult to evaluate, it is unclear if this is a unilateral process.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly.  3.  Multiple pulmonary nodules are better visualized on the prior CT.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.  More focal  opacity at the right lung base is concerning for pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.
Interval increase in the cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular redistribution.  There are  patchy alveolar infiltrate bilaterally compatible with fluid overload.
1.  Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  Rounded opacity at the right base, present sicne ___, may represent asymmetric  pulmonary edema, but other processes such as pulmonary abscess cannot be excluded.
Stable mild pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.
1. New left subclavian line with tip at the cavoatrial junction.  2. Unchanged right lower lobe opacities compatible with CHF.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Retrocardiac opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.  Possible mild  interstitial edema.
1. ET tube 2.6 cm above the Carina. NG tube tip is off the film, at least in the  stomach.  2. Moderate cardiomegaly with fluid overload.  3. Right lower lung opacity again visualized. An underlying infectious infiltrate cannot be  excluded.
1.  New region of consolidation above the minor fissure which could reflect an early  infectious process.  2.  Increased bilateral lung opacities, likely secondary to pulmonary edema.
Persistent but improved pulmonary edema with right lower lobe opacification  concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Pulmonary edema, slightly worse than prior exam.    2.  Subtle nodular opacity in the left suprahilar region is new from ___.   This could represent an early focus of infection or malignancy.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
No significant interval change in degree of pulmonary edema.
Emphysema.  Previously described nodular opacities on CT are not well  demonstrated on the current radiograph.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Patchy opacities in the left lung base, potentially atelectasis but infection or  aspiration cannot be excluded.
1. Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip terminates in the mid SVC.  No  pneumothorax.  2. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar patchy airspace opacities, not  substantially changed in the interval.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and possible mild pulmonary  congestion.
Mild left basilar atelectasis.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  Bibasilar  airspace opacities may reflect compressive atelectasis.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and possible mild  interstitial edema.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with mild interstitial edema.
Stable moderate pleural effusions and mild pulmonary edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly and bilateral pleural effusions.  Mild vascular  congestion, new since the prior study.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Tiny bilateral pleural effusions, slightly increased from prior exam.
1.  Interval placement of left-sided PICC, which terminates in the low SVC.  No  pneumothorax.  2.  Increased perihilar opacities suggesting pulmonary edema.  3.  Left base retrocardiac opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and  atelectasis; however, underlying consolidation is not excluded.
1.  Interval placement of a chest tube in the upper mediastinum with a location  suggestive of intrafissural placement.  2.  Increased lucency at the lung base, particularly outlining the right  hemidiaphragm, which likely indicates a residual component of the  pneumothorax.  3.  Diffuse bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with widespread metastatic disease.  4.  Retrocardiac opacity, although similar to the
Slight interval increase in size of right-sided pneumothorax.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  New 16 mm left upper lobe nodule.  3.  Bulging aortopulmonary window, new since ___.
Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.
Pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild cardiomegaly.  Right upper lung  nodule is better evaluated on chest CT ___.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Right upper lobe nodule measuring 9 mm is concerning for malignancy.  3.  Multiple calcified nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease.
Moderate cardiomegaly without evidence of acute CHF or pleural effusion.
Dobhoff tube has been repositioned and now passes below the diaphragm and  crosses the midline, likely within the second portion of the duodenum.
Interval insertion of a Dobbhoff tube which is coiled within in the stomach and  then turns back to terminate in the esophagus at the level of the clavicles.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  COPD.  3.  Resolved left upper zone opacity, with only minimal residual scarring.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Moderate pulmonary edema, unchanged since the prior study.  2.  Patchy consolidation of the right upper lobe along the mediastinal border is  concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Right basilar opacity worrisome for pneumonia.  Cardiomegaly and  pulmonary vascular congestion.
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Pulmonary vascular congestion without definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary  process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Opacity at the base of the right lung is not similar in appearance to chest  radiograph on ___ and may represent overlapping structures.    2.  New left retrocardiac opacity, which could represent pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution of this finding.
Interval improvement in aeration of the left upper lung.  Probable small  left pleural effusion.  Persistent elevation of left hemidiaphragm.  Left perihilar mass  compatible with patient's history of recurrent small cell carcinoma.
1.  New diffuse patchy opacities throughout the left upper lobe and lingula are  concerning for either a mass or more confluent consolidation.  2.  Small left pleural effusion.
Slight interval increase in blunting of the left costophrenic angle.  Left  retrocardiac opacity may relate to combination of effusion and atelectasis,  however underlying consolidation cannot be excluded.
Small left pleural effusion.  Left perihilar opacity is compatible with known mass and  parenchymal scarring as seen on ___ CT.
Endotracheal tube terminates at the thoracic inlet.
Dobbhoff tube terminates above the diaphragm.  Unchanged left basilar  atelectasis and pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild left ventricular enlargement.
Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Low lung volumes.  Fracture of at least the first and second sternal  wires, the upper wire was seen to be fractured on the prior study, although the second  wire was not clearly fractured at that time.  Minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle,  although no definite pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Endogastric tube courses inferiorly into the stomach with its sideport well below  the GE junction; however, the NG tube does appear kinked in the segment that is just 4.5-5  cm upstream from the sideport.  2.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.
Hyperinflated lungs with bibasilar atelectasis and trace right  pleural effusion.
Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectasis.
Increased opacity in the left upper lobe likely atelectasis, attention on follow-up  studies needed
Near complete resolution of pleural effusions.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval placement of a left internal jugular catheter with tip  terminating in the upper SVC.  No pneumothorax.
1. Unchanged moderate bilateral pleural effusions, larger on the right than on the left.  2. Resolved pulmonary edema.
Small bilateral pleural effusions are increased in size compared to most recent prior exam.  Emphysema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal and nasogastric tubes positioned appropriately.
1.  Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable small left pleural effusion.  3.  Improved left lower lobe and lingular atelectasis.
Feeding tube tip in the distal stomach.  Worsening small bilateral pleural effusions and left  basilar atelectasis or infiltrate.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval removal of two right-sided chest tubes.  No pneumothorax.
Stable chest findings following decortication.  No evidence of  free intraperitoneal air.
Mild right basilar atelectasis.  Patchy opacity in the right lung base is better  assessed on prior CT torso from ___.
Diffuse predominantly perihilar airspace opacities with slightly nodular appearance,  which are new from prior studies.  Superimposed hilar adenopathy is difficult to exclude.
Interval decrease in density of the perihilar opacities, which may  represent a combination of pulmonary edema and pneumonia.
Resolution of right mid lung pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary edema. Right basal opacity suggests atelectasis however infection  should be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.
Stable small right pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis.
Minimal improvement in the diffuse ground-glass opacities.  Small bilateral  pleural effusions and predominantly retrocardiac atelectasis.
1.  Endotracheal tube ends 3 cm from the carina.  2.  Stable severe pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.
1.  Unchanged severe pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Stable appearance of interstitial edema and small bilateral pleural  effusions with associated atelectasis.
1.  Increased pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with air distended bowel beneath.
Mild interstitial edema.
Slight interval improvement in left lower lobe atelectasis.  Small bilateral  pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Near-complete resolution of small bilateral pleural effusions seen on  ___ exam.
Mild pulmonary edema and left base atelectasis.
Resolved left lower lobe pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.  No evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary disease.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Stable cardiomegaly.  No acute findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The feeding tube extends below the level of the diaphragms but beyond the field of view  of this radiograph, likely within the distal stomach.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No significant change in comparison to ___.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Multiple prior right rib fractures are seen; the 8th rib fracture demonstrates  persist linear lucency, raising the possibility of incomplete healing.
Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.  Minimal new left basilar atelectasis.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear chronic.  3.  Non visualization of the cortical margin of the right posterior eighth rib fracture raises  possibility of acuity.
1.  New right lower lung opacification concerning for pneumonia.  2.  OG tube appears to be malpositioned proximally lying in the proximal fundus of the stomach.
NG tube terminates in the proximal stomach and could be advanced by  approximately 5-10 cm.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
Endotracheal tube tip 5.4 cm above carina.  Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.
Resolved pulmonary edema.  Unchanged bibasilar atelectasis.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___  ___, N.P. on the telephone on ___ at 4:20 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Mild pulmonary edema is improved from chest x-ray ___.  Small right  pleural effusion.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right lower lobe opacity worrisome for consolidation, possibly due to  pneumonia.  Recommend followup chest radiograph after appropriate therapy and if  finding remains, chest CT is recommended.  2.  Left suprahilar opacity could be a second site of infection or relate to mild  volume overload.  3.  0.9-cm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior right sixth and seventh ribs,  which could relate to consolidation or an underlying pulmonary nodule is
Near-complete resolution of bilateral pleural effusions.  Mild  interstitial edema, improved compared to the prior study.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema, slightly improved compared to the prior exam.  Small  layering bilateral pleural effusions also may be slightly decreased in the interval.  Bibasilar  airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 4.2 cm above the carina.  2.  Severe pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusions.
Stable moderate cardiomegaly with tiny right pleural effusion.
Extensive pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.  Asymmetric  pattern of pulmonary edema has been seen on prior radiographs such as ___.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Mild cardiomegaly with small left pleural effusion and mild central  pulmonary vascular congestion.  Left base opacity may be due to combination of pleural  effusions and atelectasis, although consolidation is not excluded.
Faint bibasilar opacities, particularly in the retrocardiac region which are  nonspecific and given low lung volumes could represent atelectasis.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  2.  Persistent opacification in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe is mildly  improved since ___.  3.  Unchanged large hiatal hernia.
1.  Heterogeneous opacity in the inferolateral right upper lobe concerning for  pneumonia.  2.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures of varying age as well as old left clavicular  fracture.  3.  Large hiatal hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate pulmonary edema with probable trace bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Since yesterday retrocardiac opacity and small opacity in the right infrahilar and  right lower medial lung is much better, likely atelectasis or aspiration.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Worsening pulmonary edema.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with probable small left pleural effusion and retrocardiac  atelectasis.  Infection cannot be excluded.
Vague bibasilar opacities are nonspecific but may represent  infection.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right subclavian line tip in the lower SVC.  No visualized pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Marked interval change in chest findings since next preceding portable  chest examinations of ___.  No evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
Interval improvement in diffuse parenchymal opacities.
1.  New right dual-lumen dialysis catheter ends in the mid SVC.  2.  Resolution of small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Increased interstitial markings and pulmonary vascular prominence likely from  cardiac decompensation.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Left lower lung opacity is likely a combination of small  atelectasis and probably a small effusion.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Heterogeneous opacities in the right lower lung have continued to grow since ___.    2.  Possible new small, right pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  3.  Chronic moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis.
NG tube extends inferiorly beyond the diaphragm into the fundus of the stomach.
1.  Interval improvement in right upper lobe predominant pulmonary edema,  with persistent right middle lobe atelectasis and small right pleural effusion.  2.  Unchanged moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Emphysema.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Slight increased opacity at the right lung base, best seen on the frontal  view may relate to atelectasis, although in the appropriate clinical setting,  infectious process is not excluded.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  New dense right central opacity concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Given previous radiographic evidence of slow neo-esophageal/gastric emptying, it is possible that patient had  aspirated contrast material.  However, other radiopaque fluid, such as fluid, pus, ___ ___, ___ be filling the  airspace in this region.  3.  Ill-defined peripheral opacities which are not matched on the contral
Small right pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Significant improvement in right basilar opacity from ___. Mild residual  opacity may be scarring.
Persistent opacification of the right base may be due to a combination of  pleural effusion, atelectasis, and aspiration.  In the proper clinical setting,  pneumonia cannot be excluded.
Emphysema.  No acute intrathoracic process.
No evidence of pneumomediastinum.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis and small right pleural  effusion.
1.  No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.  2.  Increased nodular peribronchial opacification, most readily explained by chronic  aspiration.  3.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Interval placement of a right transjugular central venous catheter,  distal tip not well evaluated, appears to extend to the expected location of  the mid SVC, although exact location is not well assessed on this study.  Diffuse  opacification of the right hemithorax which maybe due to underlying fluid and  consolidation.  The esophageal stent has migrated projecting over the right apex as compared to the  prior study of ___.
Interval regression of previously described pleural  densities in the mid portion of the right lateral chest wall.  Otherwise, no significant interval  change.
Slight increase in right mid lung opacity which could be due to  underlying infection, possibly in the superior right lower lobes.
Low lung volumes.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
New right IJ central line with tip in the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Pulmonary vascular prominence with interval improvement in mild interstitial  edema.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsened appearance of the lungs.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings throughout the lungs compatible with  chronic interstitial lung disease. No definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Worsening bilateral parenchymal opacities, concerning for multifocal infection and/or  metastases.  2.  Unchanged configuration of the right subclavian vein and brachiocephalic  vein stent with kinking of the stent at the level of the clavicle.  3.  Interval resolution of the left pleural effusion.  4.  Stable mild ascending thoracic aort
Large area of consolidation in the right lung base is highly  worrisome for pneumonia.
Interval decrease in previously seen multifocal consolidations bilaterally.  No  definite new focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema. Subtle nodularity in the right lower lung  raises concern for a superimposed pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  ET tube lies approximately 4.6-5.3 cm above the carina.  2.  Increased retrocardiac density consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or  consolidation.  3.  Prominent interstitial markings in both lungs, of uncertain etiology or significance.
1.  Increased bilateral lung opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  2.  Stable mild to moderate right pleural effusion.  3.  The visualized vertebrae appear more sclerotic which could represent osseous metastases.  4.  Bilateral lower lobe atelectasis is stable.
Bilateral regions of consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Right upper lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___  ___, N.P. on the telephone on ___ at 4:20 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the  findings.
Mild unchanged central pulmonary vascular congestion.
Mild cardiomegaly without frank pulmonary edema.
1.  Decreased left upper lobe opacification, likely for reabsorption of edema component.    2.  Slight increase in right basilar pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis in setting of low lung  volumes.  Enlarged pulmonary vessels are slightly larger compared to ___.
1. Right IJ line tip overlying distal SVC, new compared with the prior film.  2. Bibasilar atelectasis.  3. Mild cardiomegaly and possible minimal upper zone redistribution.
Interval removal of the left-sided chest tube.  No pneumothorax.
No evidence of pneumothorax.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
New dual lumen right-sided central venous catheter with distal tip in the  right atrium.
Worsening left basilar opacity.  Improved right basilar, perihilar opacities.
Enteric tube tip is in the mid stomach.  Improved bilateral perihilar, bibasilar opacities.
1. Interval development of mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  2. Focal opacity in the right middle lobe may represent an early pnemonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.  3. Stable moderate cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Slight prominence of the interstitium which may be due to minimal interstitial  edema.  Possible trace bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right upper lobe pneumonia.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small  right pleural effusion.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Patchy right basilar opacity could represent atelectasis, early pneumonia or  aspiration.  Clinical correlation advised.
Diffuse increased interstitial markings with more confluent  opacities at the lung bases, which could be due to atelectasis or infection.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Persistent pulmonary opacities, vascular engorgement and septal lines may reflect mild  pulmonary edema.
No evidence of pneumothorax.
Left hilar/perihilar opacity corresponds to patient's known perihilar mass, better  assessed on CT.  Old-appearing rib deformities on the left may relate to prior fractures,  metastatic disease not excluded, although better evaluated on chest CT.
Decreased size of left upper lobe opacity, now measuring 2.8 in the  craniocaudal dimension compared to 3.5 cm on prior study.  Persisitent if not  increased streaky retrocardiac opacities, possibly related to aspiration. Minimal left  pleural effusion.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Increased density in the left upper lobe projecting over the anterior aspect of the second  rib measuring approximately 2.9 x 2.2 cm, improved from ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate cardiomegaly, severe pulmonary artery dilatation and moderate pulmonary  vascular congestion are similar.
New bibasilar regions of consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  Pulmonary  vascular congestion.  Stable cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
Right IJ central line has been pulled back in the interval, but still terminates  in the right atrium.
Right IJ central line has been pulled back in the interval and now terminates in the  superior direction junction.    Mild increased cephalization of the pulmonary vessels, which may be partly or wholly due to  supine positioning, making it difficult to evaluate for pulmonary edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1. Mild fullness in the right hila may indicate early developing infection in  the correct clinical setting.  2. Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Right IJ central line terminates in the right atrium.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Mild  cardiomegaly.
Interval worsening of patchy and linear bibasilar opacities, likely  atelectasis with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Retrocardiac opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate  clinical setting. Small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Multiple fractured sternal wires, unchanged from ___.  3.  New posteriorly displaced sternal wire fragment at approximately the mid sternal level.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, new since ___.  Bibasilar  opacities may reflect atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Emphysema.
Enteric tube coiled within the stomach.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Endotracheal tube tip just above the carina. Recommend retracting at least 3cm for  optimum positioning.  2. Nasogastric tube ends in the proximal portion of the body of the stomach with sidehole  at the level of the gastroesophageal junction, and recommended further advancement.  3. Mild pulmonary congestion and small left pleural effusion.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The Dobbhoff tube has been advanced distally from its position on prior abdominal  radiograph.  The tip of the Dobhoff tube terminates in the region of the second  portion of the duodenum.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval worsening of now moderate interstitial pulmonary edema with small  bilateral pleural effusions.
Persistent moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  No new focal  opacities concerning for pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Dobbhoff tube projects over the stomach.  2.  Retrocardiac atelectasis has increased.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Improved interstitial pulmonary edema with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  Bibasilar opacification, likely atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild cardiomegaly and moderate pulmonary edema with small pleural effusions.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  New opacity at the right cardiophrenic angle, which may be atelectasis but  could also represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2.  Persistent vague opacity in the right upper lobe, seen on the previous chest CT,  may represent sequelae of prior infection or persistent inflammation.  3.  Decreased size of left lower lobe cavitary lesion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Heterogeneous opacities in the left mid lung and right lung base are  concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  2.9 cm rounded opacity in the left mid lung is concerning for a cavitary  lesion.  Correlate clinically.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___, the referring provider requesting ___ wet read, on the  telephone on ___ at 4:30 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No significant interval change since the prior radiograph performed yesterday evening.
1.  Diffuse interstitial opacities have not significantly changed from prior.  2.  Thickening along 1 of the major fissures may represent fluid or pleural thickening.  3.  New right chest wall tunneled dual lumen catheter tip in the right atrium.
1.  Unchanged left basilar opacification, which may represent partial lobar collapse or  fluid trapped within the fissure.  2.  Stable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Cardiomegaly and volume loss at both bases
1.  Biventricular pacer/ICD with leads terminating in the coronary sinus and right  ventricle.  2.  Right atrial lead takes an unusual course, directed posteriorly.  While this appears  unchanged from the prior study on the frontal view, an aberrant location should be  considered.
Improved aeration of the lungs.  Persistent left lower lobe  opacity may represent atelectasis, aspiration or pneumonia.
New left lower lobe infiltrate and small left effusion.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial edema and small left pleural effusion. Trace  right pleural fluid is difficult to exclude.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.  Left basilar  atelectasis.
Persistent mild pulmonary edema. Retrocardiac opacity may be accentuated by portable  technique, grossly unchanged from prior.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Small left pleural effusion.
1.  Worsening interstitial edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  More confluent area of opacity in the left lower lobe is concerning for  developing pneumonia.
Left lower lobe infiltrate.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Vague nodular opacity projecting over the right lower lung likely represents  atelectasis, less likely pneumonia.
Multifocal patchy opacities in the right middle, right upper, and bilateral lower  lobes are concerning for pneumonia.
Persistent right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis and mild  interstitial edema.
Increased opacity at the right lung base could represent a combination of  atelectasis and effusion, though underlying pneumonia is difficult to exclude in  the correct clinical setting.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  No significant change from the recent CT performed ___ with  innumerable metastatic nodularity involving both lungs and large consolidation occupying the  right lower lung with a small to moderate right pleural effusion.  2.  Known metastatic lesions involving the inferior scapulae are not clearly visualized as  well as the recently diagnosed nondisplaced fracture involving the right posterior eighth rib.
Interval placement of a right internal jugular catheter, with the tip likely  within the proximal right atrium.
Interval placement of a right IJ central venous catheter which terminates  in the right atrium.  No pneumothorax.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right internal jugular catheter terminates in the low SVC.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1. Small bilateral pneumothoraces.  2. Bibasilar atelectasis.  3. Multiple bilateral rib fractures.
Decreased size of postoperative pneumothorax, now barely 1 cm  wide.
No significant interval change in right upper lobe volume loss and  pleural densities.
Status post right upper lobectomy with no pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
