No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged round calcified pulmonary nodule in the posterior right lung base, consistent  with prior granulomatous disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Left PICC tip in the region of the distal left brachiocephalic vein.  2. Bibasilar streaky airspace opacities are minimally improved.  3. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is similar.
Cardiomegaly without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Hazy opacity in the right lung may represent aspiration, pleural effusion or  hemorrhage.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.
Little interval change when compared to prior study performed 24 hours ago.   Persistent obscuration of the pulmonary vascular markings in the right lung base is  consistent with trace pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion with bibasilar opacities likely  atelectasis; however infection cannot be excluded.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary edema and small right pleural  effusion.  Persistent bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis or consolidation.
No significant interval change in left lower lobe opacity.
Hazy veil-like opacity in the right upper lung zone which may be  atelectasis or artifact.
Faint opacification projecting over the left mid lung may represent developing  infectious process.  No definite correlate on the lateral radiograph.
Small consolidation at the right base, most consistent with pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution.
Interval decrease in right lower lobe opacification, likely due to fluid  overload.  Mild improvement in mild biventricular heart failure.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bilateral lower lung bronchiectasis with peribronchial opacities, improved  since ___.  No new opacification.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Little overall change in extensive bibasilar bronchiectasis.  No evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate right apical pneumothorax has minimally decreased since yesterday.  Opacity at the right lung base which appeared on the yesterdays radiograph is more denser and is likely from an aspiration or atelectasis.  The maximum width at the apex measures 2.4 cm as compared to yesterday measuring 2.7 cm.
1.  Stable right pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate left pleural effusion with new engorgement of the pulmonary vasculature.  3.  Slight shift of the mediastinum to the right.
Large right and small left pleural effusions with possible  superimposed consolidation in the right lower and middle lobes.  Rounded density projecting  over the retrosternal clear space on the lateral could be due to atelectasis; however,  infection cannot be excluded.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document  resolution.
Unchanged bilateral lower lobe and right middle lobe collapse.  Unchanged small left pleural effusion.
Interval enlargement of bilateral pleural effusions which are now  moderate in size.  Underlying airspace disease is also possible.
Near complete resolution of moderate right pleural effusion following pigtail catheter placement.  Unchanged moderate-to-large left pleural  effusion with associated atelectasis and mediastinal shift to the right side.
1.  Mild-to-moderate left pneumothorax with rightward mediastinal shift more apparent than on  portable chest radiograph at 2:26 p.m.  2.  Stable small right and moderate left pleural effusions.
Chronic interstitial lung disease.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
New left-sided Port-A-Cath is seen entering the left subclavian and terminating within the  right atrium and can be withdrawn 3 cm and still remains within the low SVC.
Slight decrease in degree of pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent substantial  enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  The possibility of supervening interstitial lung disease is  difficult to assess on plain radiograph, but was apparent on the CT study of ___.
Diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally consistent with  patient's underlying history of chronic interstitial lung disease with likely  overlying pulmonary edema improved since ___, but similar in appearance  as compared to ___.  No definite focal consolidation.
Interval improvement in mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral  pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.  Prominent interstitial lung markings  compatible with known lung fibrosis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion, new since ___.   Increased opacity at left lung base is either atelectasis and/or combination of  atelectases and edema.
Slight interval decrease in size of right middle and lower lobe opacities with increased  lucency of one of the more medial opacifications.  No new lesions identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New small right pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Chronic fibrotic lung disease. No new areas of focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings throughout the lungs,  overall slightly worse when compared to prior.  This may be due to patient's history of  fibrosis.  No definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Extensive bilateral opacities are unchanged from the prior examination and likely  reflect the patient underlying severe interstitial lung disease.  2. Possible increased opacification of the right lower lung, which may represent mild  edema.
Chronic interstitial abnormality with more focal opacities in the left lung  base, left perihilar region, and right upper lobe which are not significantly changed when  compared to the prior exam.
1.  Right PICC terminates in the lower SVC.  2.  Marked improvement in bilateral effusions and heterogeneous opacities when  compared to the prior study.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged diffuse interstitial opacities compatible with chronic interstitial lung  disease, previously characterized as UIP or fibrosing NSIP.
Severe interstitial lung disease with patchy opacities in the right upper  lung and left mid and lower lung worrisome for superimposed pneumonia.
Pulmonary fibrosis without definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent opacification of the medial right lower lung with small right  pleural effusion.
Right basilar opacity could represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.
Persistent bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary venous  congestion.  No pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and trace left pleural effusion.
Interval increase in bilateral upper lobe opacities, right  greater than left, concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.  2.  Improving right upper lobe pneumonia.
1. Endotracheal and orogastric tubes in standard positions.  2. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  3. Diffuse gaseous distention of the bowel loops within the upper abdomen.  4. Focal fibrotic changes within both upper lobes.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Streaky opacities in the upper lobes likely reflect residua of recent  pneumonia vs scarring.  No signs of pulmonary edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Right upper lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution.
1.  Right upper lobe consolidation with air bronchograms is similar to ___.  2.  Focal tubular lucency within the opacity is new and may reflect cavitation, dilated  airways or spared lung parenchyma.  3.  Opacity in the right lower lobe has progressed since the prior study.  4.  Mild thickening of the left major fissure.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Persistent left upper lobe, right upper lobe and left lower lobe peribronchial  consolidation.
Subtle opacity in the left lower lobe retrocardiac region is of unclear  etiology.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
Left mid lung and left lower lobe streaky opacities may be due to  atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
1.  Worsening consolidative opacity in the right upper lung field as well as focal  opacities within the left upper and bilateral lower lung fields are concerning for  multifocal pneumonia.  2.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Retrocardiac opacity suspicious for developing left lower lobe pneumonia or  aspiration event in the setting of altered mental status.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Repeat PA and lateral chest radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
Patchy opacity in the right lung base may reflect atelectasis.  Infection cannot be  excluded in the correct clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Surgical hardware is seen at the right glenohumeral joint and ___ are seen  within the abdomen with cardiophrenic angle may represent a small left pleural effusion as  was previously seen approximately one month prior.
Increasing density over most of the left lung with a small left-sided  pleural effusion.  Improving right upper lobe pneumonia.
Near complete resolution of right upper lung opacity.  Minimal  blunting of the left posterior costophrenic angle may represent trace effusion.
Multifocal pneumonia in the right upper lobe, perihilar region and possibly  retrocardiac region.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
1.  No new focal opacities are seen compared to the ___ chest radiograph; however,  right upper lobe consolidation is unchanged and may represent old pneumonia.  2.  Chronic lung disease, which is relatively unchanged since ___.
1.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate subpulmonic pleural effusion and new small left layering pleural  effusion.
Increased opacity projecting over the right hemi thorax likely due to increased right pleural effusion with  overlying atelectasis, underlying infectious process not excluded. Possible trace left pleural  effusion.
Increased loculated right pleural effusion and stable small left effusion.  No pneumothorax.
Diffusely increased opacity throughout the right lung, which is in part related to a  chronic loculated effusion however there are new focal opacities throughout the Right lung,  suspicious for areas of infection.
1.  Persistent moderate layering right pleural effusion.  2.  Improved right basilar nodular opacification.  3.  No new focal opacities concerning for pneumonia.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Patchy  opacities in the right mid and lower lung suggest a background of minor  scarring or atelectasis.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary congestion.  Focal opacities in the right upper lobe and left infrahilar  areas of confluent opacity concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.  7 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe has not  changed.
1.  Endotracheal tube is positioned 4.1 cm from the level of the carina.  2.  Orogastric tube is coiled within the fundus of the stomach.  3.  Focal nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring 8 mm.  Correlate with clinical  findings.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Repeat chest radiograph after diuresis is recommended to  ensure resolution of
Mild pulmonary edema, slightly improved in the interval.  Patchy opacities in the lung bases may reflect  atelectasis, but infection particularly in the left lung base cannot be completely excluded.
Increased pulmonary edema and bibasilar and perihilar opacities concerning  for multifocal pneumonia.  Retrocardiac opacity is also compatible with a  left lower lobe consolidation.
1.  Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the region of the main pulmonary artery.  2.  Improved moderate-to-severe pulmonary edema.  3.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
No significant change in the airspace opacity at the left mid lung zone.    Persistent pulmonary vascular congestion.
1. Small left pleural effusion with bibasilar atelectasis.  2. Left midlung rounded consolidation is more conspicuous than previously seen.   Possible etiologies include developing pneumonia, additional septic embolus or collection of  fissural fluid, though the lateral argues against the latter.  3. Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is similar to the study from ___ though  notably larger than the immediate post-procedure study
Interval intubation with the tip of the endotracheal tube positioned 3.3 cm  above the carina.  Increasing bibasilar atelectasis.
Unchanged bilateral mid lung opacities, which likely reflect consolidative  infectious process given history of septic emboli.  Persistent bibasilar atelectasis with left  greater than right effusions.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding.  Mild  congestion is difficult to exclude in the correct clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Bibasilar opacities with blunting of the costophrenic angles could be due to  effusions.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Ill-defined opacity in the left upper lobe may represent pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution of this finding.
1.  Previously seen left lower lobe opacity has resolved on the frontal view but  may persist on lateral view obscuring the posterior costophrenic angle, which could  represent a component of residual infection and/or atelectasis.  2.  Emphysema.
Subtle opacity in the right lower lobe is concerning for early pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Small focal opacity projecting over the lateral right lower hemithorax, may  represent overlapping structures, but further evaluation is recommended with shallow obliques to  assess for possible pulmonary nodule.
Increased opacification in the left lung base with obscuration of the left  hemidiaphragm when compared to ___.  This could be due to atelectasis,  aspiration or pneumonia.  Emphysema.
Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Severe emphysema.
Emphysema without superimposed acute intrathoracic process.
Emphysema with increased interstitial markings at the left lung base.  No  definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with engorgement of the central venous vasculature and small  bilateral pleural effusions.
Small right pleural effusion has decreased in the interval.  Persistent moderate to severe  cardiomegaly.
Moderate right pleural effusion, similar in size from the previous study on  ___.
1.  Endotracheal tube 7 cm from the carina and at the level of the clavicular  head is in proper position.  2.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis.  3.  Swan-Ganz catheter tip within the right atrium, but the distal tip cannot be  traced further due to overlying structures.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Emphysema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Emphysema.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  Equivocal ground-glass opacity on the frontal view,  which appears less conspicuous on the lateral view most likely attributable to underpenetrated  technique.
Interval resolution of pulmonary edema and possible right lower lobe  consolidation.  Resolution of central vascular engorgement.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary congestion.
Mild cardiomegaly without definite signs of pneumonia or CHF.
Stable mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
New pulmonary and mediastinal vascular congestion, perihilar haziness and  chronic moderate cardiomegaly. New right infrahilar consolidation could be  regional edema or concurrent pneumonia.
Postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy without visualized  pneumothorax.  Slightly increased linear right basilar opacity may be due to  atelectasis, although superimposed infection cannot be excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Large rounded opacity in the left lower lung, correlating with known left lung  mass, better visualized on the ___ PET-CT.  No focal opacification concerning for  pneumonia.
1.  Right Port-A-Cath tip in the lower SVC.  2.  Left bailar opacity which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.  3.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Calcific density in the region of the AP  window corresponds with a calcified lymph node on prior CT.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with perihilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary  process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Unchanged cardiomegaly and bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and increased retrocardiac  opacity, which could represent pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
Low lung volumes without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Persistent patchy opacification in the left lower lobe, which appears somewhat more dense and  compressed than on the most recent prior examination.  This may be due to differences in lung volumes, but a true  interval change cannot be entirely excluded.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with probable bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis.  No overt pulmonary edema.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal opacity convincing for  pneumonia.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild basilar atelectasis.  Calcified ovoid structure projecting over the mediastinum likely a  calcified lymph node.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No subdiaphragmatic free air.
Small left pleural effusion.  Retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis or  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Persistence of right middle lobe opacities concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Extensive pneumomediastinum and small bilateral pneumothoraces following tracheobronchial  stent placement.  2.  Asymmetrically distributed heterogeneous opacities in the right mid and lower lobe could  reflect asymmetrical edema, aspiration, or hemorrhage in the post procedural setting.
Right subclavian PICC line unchanged in position. Overall cardiac and  mediastinal contours are stable. Lungs appear well inflated without evidence of focal airspace  consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
Interval removal of chest tube without evidence of pneumothorax.  Persistent right loculated pleural effusion.
1.  Worsening loculated right pleural effusion.  2.  Diffusely increased hazy opacification of the right hemithorax, mainly due to  the oblique positioning of the patient.  3.  Mild vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal tube, nasogastric tube, and right internal jugular central line are  unchanged in position.  Lung volumes remain low with patchy bibasilar opacities likely  reflecting atelectasis, although pneumonia cannot be excluded.  No pulmonary edema.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.
Worsening opacity at the right mid to lower lung concerning for pneumonia.   Small left pleural effusion.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary edema with slight improvement compared to ___.  Stable right pleural thickening or loculated effusion.
1.  Diffuse interstitial abnormality, with a perihilar predominance,  suggestive of mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion.  3.  Small hiatal hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Small hiatal hernia.
Near complete resolution of mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  No focal  consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Endotracheal tube tip approximately 3 cm from the carina.  2.  Enteric tube in appropriate position.  3.  Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild cardiomegaly.
Interval removal of ETT and chest tube.  No pneumothorax.
Since ___, left lower lung atelectasis, mild-to-moderate pleural  effusion and mild right pleural effusion have improved.
1. Enlarged opacity abutting the right mediastinum is the patient's known dilated  esophagus.  2. Opacities at the left lung base are either atelectasis, likely due to low lung volumes  versus aspiration in the right clinical context.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Patchy opacity in the right  infrahilar region suggestive of minor atelectasis/scarring.
Unchanged dilated distal esophagus with no signs of aspiration.
Nasogastric catheter terminates in the esophagus at the level of the posterior  costophrenic sulcus.
Persistent opacification of the right lower lung field, likely due to known  pleural effusion and atelectasis.
Marked elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with adjacent compressive  atelectasis or consolidation.  Possible small right pleural effusion.
Unchanged loculated right basilar pneumothorax.
Persistent partially collapsed right lung with increased density at the  inferior border of the lung, consistent with pleural effusion versus pleural thickening.   Persistent hydropneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly with pericardial effusion, decreased since prior exam.   Plate-like atelectasis in the left base with associated pleural effusion.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New left hilar mass and new left-sided pleural effusion.  2.  Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly, slightly worsened compared with prior exam.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Nodular opacity in the left upper lobe, better  assessed on prior CT.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Unchanged asymmetric right greater than left pulmonary edema and moderate  pleural effusion.
Interval increase in bibasilar airspace opacity, right greater than left,  concerning for right lower lobe pneumonia.    Increased small-moderate right and increased moderate left pleural effusions.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates no less than 3.4 cm above the carina.  2.  Marked improvement in pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Persistent left retrocardiac opacity.
Tiny right pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small right pleural effusion is stable to slightly increased compared to prior and  tracks into the fissures.  Opacity in the right mid to lower lung field is new  compared to ___.  Recommend followup radiographs after diuresis to ensure  resolution.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Severe cardiomegaly, interstitial and alveolar edema, and small bilateral  pleural effusions.  More confluent opacity in the right middle lobe may be due to  atelectasis or infection.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumothorax.
Moderate pulmonary edema and trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Bibasilar  opacities may reflect atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical  setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute findings in the chest.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Limited study due to underpenetration which is likely secondary to  body habitus. The lungs appear clear, however it is not possible to exclude a  consolidation in the lateral inferior costophrenic angles.  Recommend repeat PA and lateral  radiographs with improved inspiratory effort for further evaluation.
Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Interval decrease in moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent  atelectasis.  No new lung opacities of concern for pneumonia.
1.  Interval worsening of now mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema and small  to moderate bilateral layering pleural effusions.  2.  Bibasilar atelectasis with no focal opacities concerning for pneumonia.
Mild cardiomegaly with minimal interstitial edema.
Patchy left basilar opacity, worrisome for pneumonia.  Followup radiographs  after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution.
Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and moderate left pleural  effusion.  Persistent mid right lung hazy opacification laterally may  reflect consolidation in this region.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  Increasing opacification at the right base, which is most likely due to  aspiration, given the acute change.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly with continued diffuse interstitial prominence.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and probable small bilateral pleural effusions.  Streaky bibasilar opacities likely reflect a combination of atelectasis with chronic fibrotic changes, more so in the right lung base.
Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
1.  Increased interstitial prominence, although no overt pulmonary edema.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly.
1.  Interval improvement of previously mild interstitial edema.  2.  Persistent massive cardiomegaly with probable small left pleural effusion.  3.  Streaky retrocardiac opacities may be a combination of a chronic changes and  subsegmental atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, slightly larger on the left than on the right.  Mild  pulmonary edema with minimal residual edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Persistent blunting of the right  costophrenic angle, potentially due to pleural thickening in the setting of multiple  healed right rib fractures.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Slight increase in prominence of the right hilum which may relate to  patient positioning, although underlying lymphadenopathy cannot be excluded.
Small right pleural effusion. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Normal chest findings.  No evidence of pulmonary interstitial edema or  pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The PICC line on the right has migrated slightly more proximally with the distal lead  now in the proximal SVC.  Left retrocardiac opacity and a small left-sided pleural effusion.
Resolution of bilateral pleural effusions.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
Stable right lower lobe opacity consistent with small to moderate pleural  effusion.  Improved asymmetric edema on the left.
New consolidation at the right base is concerning for pneumonia, aspiration, or  less likely infarction.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Endotracheal tube in appropriate position.  Moderate pulmonary edema and small  bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Right PICC terminates in the proximal right atrium, which should be retracted 2 cm to  place in the low SVC.  2. Mild right basilar atelectasis.
Right upper and lower lobe opacities are new since the prior day, with  indistinctness of the pulmonary vessels, suggesting pulmonary edema. However, concurrent  pneumonia cannot be excluded, in the correct clinical setting.
1.  New small left pleural effusion.  2.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary vascular congestion and small  bilateral pleural effusions.  No new areas of consolidation to suggest an acute  pneumonia.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, greater on the right than the left with  bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Diffuse increased interstitial markings are  compatible with the patient's known history of lymphangiomyomatosis.
No acute findings in the chest.  Known cystic lung disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Diffuse interstitial abnormality with small nodules not significantly changed.
Diffuse interstitial abnormality compatible with pulmonary edema.  No focal  consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings bilaterally, compatible with  known lymphangioleiomyomatosis.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable marked cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No change in left pneumonectomy space which remains ___ full of fluid.  More superior posterior appciyt may represent debris or clot.
Complete collapse of the left lung with hyperexpansion of the right lung and  marked shift of the mediastinum and trachea to the left.
Right central line tip in the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  Extensive right hilar mass is associated with radiation fibrosis, better  delineated on CT ___.  An additional component of postobstructive pneumonia may  be present.  2.  New retrocardiac opacity, left pleural effusion, and left plueral thickening.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Left-sided pacer defibrillator with leads through the left transvenous approach is  seen to end in the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Hazy opacification in the left perihilar region, consistent with pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this  finding.
Interval worsening of left lung opacity, likely due to a large left pleural  fluid collection in the setting of lobectomy versus less likely left lung collapse.
Interval increase in opacification of the left chest, likely due to  phrenic nerve paralysis.  No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Known left hilar mass.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsening central adenopathy in the left hilus and adjacent mediastinum.  No  evidence of pneumonia.
1. Increased opacity at the right base may be due to infectious process or  aspiration.  2. Chronic moderate left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute findings.
Moderate right pleural effusion with mild right basilar atelectasis.
Improved vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis. Stable moderate to severe cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and possible small right pleural  effusion.  Gaseous distention of the stomach and possibly the colon.
Interval decrease in size of the right pleural effusion with improved  aeration at the right base. Persistent retrocardiac opacity corresponds to  atelectasis and probable left pleural fluid. Moderate pulmonary edema.
1. New lucency beneath the right hemidiaphragm concerning for intra-abdominal free air.  2. Bibasilar consolidations may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate  clinical setting.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter terminates in the mid SVC.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Small right pleural effusion with fluid within the fissure.  Opacity at the right base is  similar as on prior radiographs and may represent atelectasis; however, infection cannot be excluded.
Interval decrease in size of small right apical and basal pneumothorax.   Right pleural effusion has significantly decreased.
1. Large right hydropneumothorax with moderate amount of fluid.  2. Hazy opacities involving the right middle and lower lobes more likely represents  hemorrhage or infectious process rather than reexpansion edema.
Substantial increase in the right pleural effusion that is partly subpulmonic.
Unchanged large right hydropneumothorax without evidence of tension.
Increased opacity in the left lower lung concerning for worsening effusion and  consolidation.  Extensive nodularity in the lungs compatible with known metastatic disease.
Extensive metastatic disease within the chest with loculated left  pleural effusion.  Please note evaluation for subtle differences would be limited due to  extensive underlying metastatic burden.
Interval decrease in size of the left pleural effusion, which is now moderate in  severity.  Persistent bilateral consolidations, more dense on the left,  consistent with known metastatic disease.
Large left perihilar mid-to-lower lung opacity which on the prior CT  corresponded to innumerable pulmonary nodules, although superimposed infection cannot be  excluded.  Nodular opacities in the right lung to a lesser extent than on the right are  again seen.  There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle likely corresponding to  pleural effusion and is also seen on prior CT.
1.  Persistent patchy opacification in the left mid and lower lung fields, unchanged  from the prior exam.  2.  Improved right lower lung aeration with resolution of the previously seen opacity.  3.  Multiple small nodules are consistent with the patient's known history of metastatic  renal cell carcinoma.
Left-sided chest tube with tip projecting over the left lung apex.  No discrete  pleural line identified based on this supine film.
Interval placement of a left-sided chest tube with overlying subcutaneous  gas.
Small right pleural effusion, similar to the exam 10 hours prior.
No evidence of pneumothorax.  No significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged small right-sided pleural effusion.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Moderate to large right-sided pleural effusion, slightly increased in volume  compared to prior examination with collapse of much of the right lower lobe and  right middle lobe.  Bibasilar opacities could be due to compressive atelectasis.
Bilateral pleural effusions, new from prior exam with subjacent  consolidation which could represent compressive atelectasis or pneumonia.
Cardiomegaly with mild to moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.   Persistent bilateral small to moderate pleural effusions.
1.  6 mm rounded opacity in the left retrocardiac region, to the left of the descending aortic  interface.  Correlate with clinical suspicion for malignancy.  2.  Minimal pleural thickening versus small effusion at lateral right costophrenic sulcus.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsening bilateral pleural effusions and associated atelectasis,  greater on the right.  Worsening pulmonary vascular congestion.
New mild pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis.  Unchanged bilateral pleural effusions.
Increasing bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary congestion.  No  pneumothorax.
Moderate pulmonary edema has progressed since yesterday.
1.  Interval improvement in mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged moderate right and small left pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis.
Severe cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right internal jugular dialysis catheter terminates within the right atrium.  2.  Chronic subclincal pulmonary edema without evidence for acute volume overload.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable severe cardiomegaly.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Severe cardiomegaly.  3. Area of increase density overlying the right hilum with a sharp lower margin is of unclear  clinical significance. Recommend further evaluation with chest CT.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, increased compared to radiographs from  ___.  No focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.
1. Endotracheal tube terminates 2.8 cm above the carina.  2. Bibasilar opacities could reflect atelectasis or aspiration event.  Worsening  infection cannot be excluded.  3. Small left pleural effusion.
1. Endotracheal tube terminates 2 cm above the carina.  2. Right internal jugular catheter terminates in the mid SVC.  3. Stable right upper lung opacities which are better assessed on the recent chest CT but  suspicious for pneumonia.
Marked decrease in left-sided pleural effusion.  No evidence of  pneumothorax.
1.  Rounded opacity in the right upper lobe, concerning for pneumonia.  2.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.
1.  Endotracheal tube 4.7 cm from the carina.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion.
1.  Endotracheal tube 5.3 cm from the carina.  2.  Small left pleural effusion.  3.  Persistent consolidation at the left base likely reflects chronic atelectasis.
Stable right apical opacity concerning for either a nodule or infection.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumothorax.
Bilateral pleural effusions, which may be at least partially loculated.   Right upper lobe/suprahilar opacity underlying fiducial seed has increased since the  prior study, raising concern for progression of malignancy.  Streaky right infrahilar  opacity underlying chain sutures, may relate to chronic changes, although appears to have increased  since the prior study.
1.  Stable small right and moderate left pleural effusions with considerable left  lower lobe atelectasis or consolidation.  2.  Right upper lobe mass with fiducial marker in place, consistent with the patient's known  malignancy.
Persistent opacification of the left costophrenic angle, probably  reflecting a combination of atelectasis and a small loculated pleural effusion.   No evidence of free air.
Interval placement of a right subclavian approach central venous catheter with tip  in the lower SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without frank pulmonary edema.   Persistent right upper lobe/suprahilar opacity with fiducial marker is not  significantly changed from exam from two weeks prior.
Stable chest findings.  Subdiaphragmatic air in the patient with  history of dialysis.
New confluent opacity in the left lower lobe may be representative of developing  pneumonia.  Stable loculated small left and small right pleural effusions.
Pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion.  Right suprahilar mass is better  correlated on cross-sectional imaging.
1.  Increased bilateral pulmonary edema status post extubation.  2.  Complete obscuration of the costophrenic angles suggestive of bilateral pleural  effusions.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema.
Improving pulmonary edema.  Persistent right-sided pleural effusion.
1.  Unchanged diffuse infiltrative and interstitial opacities, likely due to chronic interstitial lung disease with  waxing and waning pulmonary edema and infection.  2.  Stable bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Interval decrease in pulmonary edema.  2.  Endotracheal tube is no less than 6.2 cm from the carina, could be advanced 2 cm for  optimal placement.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence for free intraperitoneal air.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions seen only on the lateral view have  decreased since ___.
Small-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions.  Improved bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Mild interstitial edema or atypical infection.
Possible enlargement of right pleural effusion with possible underlying  parenchymal abnormality.  Persistent left basilar opacity not significantly changed given  differences in technique.
1.  Significant interval improvement in the right pleural effusion with residual  opacification likely representing combination of atelectasis and known malignancy;  cannot exclude superimposed infectious process.  2.  Dense opacity below the right hemidiaphragm appears to represent a large  subpulmonic effusion when compared to ___ chest CT.  3.  Slight increase in left lower lung collapse.
Unchanged moderate to large right pleural effusion and small left pleural  effusion, with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  2.  Decreased opacification at the right lung from ___.  3.  Unchanged post-treatment asymmetric appearance of the right hemithorax.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution.
New small bilateral pleural effusions.  Otherwise, no significant interval  change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New moderate-to-large right pleural effusion with extensive coinciding  parenchymal atelectasis, substantially increased since the prior studies.  2.  Mild interstitial abnormality in each lung suggests mild fluid overload.
1.  No evidence of pneumonia.  2.  Improved right lower lobe nodular opacities since ___.  3.  Unchanged right middle lobe atelectasis.
Interval improvement of right pleural effusion and stable left pleural  effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Improved pulmonary edema.
1.  Retrocardiac opacity concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Bilateral prominent pulmonary arteries raise the concern for pulmonary artery hypertension.  3.  Faint opacity in the right lower paracardiac region is not well defined on the frontal  view and could be due to atelectasis or infection.
Resolved left lower lobe pneumonia.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Findings concerning for pneumonia in the right upper lobe.
Significant decrease in right mid to upper lung opacity.  No new  consolidations.
1.  New consolidative opacity in the right upper lobe concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  3.  Right upper lung nodular opacity measuring up to 10 mm, likely infectious in etiology.
Slight decrease in size of right pleural density.  No evidence of  pneumothorax or other new parenchymal abnormalities.
Unchanged chest findings, no evidence of cardiac enlargement.  No  pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval placement of a right pleural pigtail catheter projecting over the  right lower chest with associated interval decrease in size of a small right  pleural effusion.  Persistent right basilar atelectasis.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumothorax.  Mild regression of pleural densities  blunting the lateral and posterior pleural sinus.
Interval increase in size of the soft tissue collection of air in the right  hemithorax.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 3:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Small right pleural effusion with chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.   Right basilar atelectasis.
Persistent small right-sided pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Resolution of left perihilar consolidation and bilateral pleural  effusions.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Possible minimal left basilar linear atelectasis/scarring.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Known mass in the left upper lobe is not clearly  identified.
New lingular opacity which could reflect an area of infection in the appropriate  clinical setting.  Previously noted left upper lobe mass appears more vague with  surrounding ill-defined opacity, possibly related to infection.
Low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Severe cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly worse in the  interval.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with superimposed interstitial edema.
Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema.  Vague increased opacity at the left  costophrenic angle may reflect atelectasis versus a small pleural effusion.
1.  Right tunneled internal jugular central venous catheter ends in the mid-to-low  SVC.  2.  Small quantity of fluid within the minor fissure.  3.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  ET tube terminates 3.9 cm above the carina.  2.  Slight interval worsening of bibasilar atelectasis.  3.  Moderate bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.
Mild pulmonary edema with bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.
1. Endotracheal tube tip 2.6 cm from the carina.  2. Mild pulmonary edema with probable layering left pleural effusion.  3. Persistent bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect atelectasis, aspiration or infection.
Mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.
Persistent cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
1.  Right IJ catheter with tip in the mid to low SVC.  2.  Increased vascular congestion.
1.  Severe cardiomegaly has increased since ___ with right  and left atrial enlargement, consistent with right heart decompensation.  2.  Possible small left pleural effusion.
1.  Mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Right dual-chamber dialysis catheter terminates at the cavoatrial junction or proximal  right atrium.
Interval increase in bilateral moderate pulmonary edema with interstitial  thickening and perihilar vascular congestion compared to the prior exam from ___.   Possible small bilateral pleural effusions.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Severe cardiomegaly.  Possible small nodule in the right mid lung zone could be  evaluated electively with chest CT if indicated.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary infiltrates in  patient with history of congestive heart failure.
Moderate cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.
Severe cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.  Bibasilar airspace opacities could reflect  atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and mild interstitial edema.
Left basilar opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate  clinical setting.  Unchanged marked dilated cardiac silhouette.
Retrocardiac opacity with subtle air bronchograms could reflect left lower lobe  pneumonia.  Small left pleural effusion cannot be excluded.  Mild pulmonary vascular  congestion without overt edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Severe cardiomegaly with small left greater than right pleural effusions.
1.  Interval increase in diffuse interstitial markings throughout the lungs  bilaterally, as well as new small bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Increased mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Subtle increased interstitial markings in the left mid lung zone, with possible  mild peribronchial thickening. No lobar consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Unchanged mild to moderate cardiomegaly and chronic interstitial lung disease.
Coarsened interstitial markings throughout both lungs which could reflect  underlying fibrosis versus interstitial edema.
Persistent but potentially slightly less conspicuous bilateral increased  interstitial markings throughout the lungs. No definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Chronic interstitial fibrosis without superimposed acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate to severe pulmonary edema.
Worsening interstitial pulmonary edema.  New small left pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with chronic interstitial markings.  No focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Interval increase in pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild  interstitial edema.  Possible subtle increase in bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable mild diffuse interstitial opacities, thought to  represent chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis on chest CT from ___.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild edema.  Tiny right pleural effusion.
Chronic lung disease. No new areas of focal consolidation or pleural effusions.
Diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally consistent with chronic  interstitial lung disease. No new areas of focal consolidation.
Chronic interstitial lung disease without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval improvement in mild interstitial edema.  No focal consolidation.
Chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval increase in moderate pulmonary vascular congestion and diffuse  interstitial lung markings as well as peribronchiolar cuffing concerning for  pulmonary edema.
Persistent interstitial pulmonary edema.
Stable diffuse prominence of the interstitial markings. No focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
No significant interval change.  No overt pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema, underlying interstitial lung disease not excluded.
Chronic interstitial lung disease.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality identified.
Chronic interstitial lung disease without definite superimposed acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.  Unchanged widening of the superior  mediastinum is due to both mediastinal lipomatosis and tortuous vessels as seen on the  prior CT from ___.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  Chronic diffuse interstitial abnormality, as seen on the CT from ___.  2.  Unchanged widening of the superior mediastinum is due to both mediastinal lipomatosis and  tortuous vessels, as noted on the chest CT from ___.  3.  Small unchanged right-sided Morgagni hernia.  4.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Bilateral interstitial opacities likely represent interstitial edema.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable interstitial lung disease.
1. Mild pulmonary edema.  2. Right tunneled IJ catheter ends in the right atrium.
1.  Resolution of interstitial pulmonary edema.  2.  Trace left pleural effusion.
Moderate interstitial edema.  Cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Possible trace left pleural effusion.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Unchanged moderate bilateral effusions.
Increasing left hemithorax opacity with linear areas of lucency which may  represent air bronchograms.  This finding is consistent with edema or developing  consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Increased apparent lucency in the left aspect of the aortic knob, that though may be  projectional, pneumomediastinum cannot be excluded.  2.  Improved bibasilar opacification, likely atelectasis.  3.  Improving pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Moderate pulmonary edema, likely with both interstitial and alveolar  components.
Mild interstitial edema.  Possible small left-sided pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Parenchymal opacities in the right middle lobe and lingula are concerning for  pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution of these findings.
Mild interval decrease of a still moderate right pleural effusion with increased  opacification involving the right mid lung zone, likely atelectasis and effusion.
Moderate right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, underlying  consolidation cannot be excluded.  Streaky and fibrotic opacities in the right lung involving the  upper, mid and lower lung fields, most noted in the left mid lung field, also seen  on prior CT from ___.
Stable moderate layering right pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval development of small bilateral pleural effusions. Underlying  consolidation is not excluded.  Dilated fluid-filled esophagus.
Hyperinflation without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.
Findings suggesting mild congestive heart failure with small to moderate  bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute findings in the chest.
1.  Increased density in the retrocardiac area in the left hemidiaphragm is indistinct and  could be due to atelectasis, although infection cannot be excluded.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.  3.  Right internal jugular catheter terminates in the region of the lower superior  vena cava.
1.  New asymmetric perihilar opacification of the right mid lung, concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate  clinical setting.  2.  Moderate bilateral pleural effusions, similar to increased on the right and perhaps somewhat  decreased on the left.  3.  Increased opacity at the right lung base may reflect increasing atelectasis associated with a pleural  effusion, although an area of infection is not excluded.  4.  Mild congestive
Bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Mild-to-moderate  interstitial edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.  2. Incidental note is made of a 9 mm lung nodule projecting over the right anterior second rib  interspace. Recommend further evaluation with nonemergent chest CT.  3. Mild left basilar linear atelectasis/ scarring.
Increased pulmonary edema.  Borderline cardiomegaly.
Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
Slight improvement of underlying pulmonary edema compared to ___.  Small left pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes with interstitial opacities which could be due to  component of lower lung volumes and technique however superimposed component of  interstitial edema is suspected.
Stable mild cardiomegaly, mild pulmonary edema.
Interval improvement in the degree of pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema and moderate left pleural effusion.
1.  No pneumothorax following removal of right-sided chest tube.  2.  Worsening pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.
Persistent retrocardiac opacity likely reflecting combination of effusion and  atelectasis/consolidation.  Mild pulmonary edema appears stable.
Mild pulmonary edema. Hazy opacities in the left upper lung and right lung base,  which could reflect atelectasis or focal edema, although cannot exclude pneumonia or  aspiration in the right clinical setting.
Slight interval improvement in extent of interstitial pulmonary edema.
Interval development of moderate alveolar and interstitial pulmonary edema.
Moderate left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, left base consolidation  not excluded.  Persistent pulmonary edema, possibly asymmetric on the left.
Mild vascular congestion with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Worsening diffuse right greater than left opacities in the background of emphysema.
1.  Right mid and lower lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Rounded lucencies projecting over right hemithorax, are suggestive of cavities or  abscess formation.  3.  Probable small-to-moderate right pleural effusion.  4.  Ground-glass opacity in the left mid lung zone most likely represents atelectasis.
1.  Widespread airspace opacities, more prominent on the right, are consistent with  diffuse pneumonia.  2.  Stable moderate pleural effusion.
1.  Improved ground-glass opacification in the right lower and middle lobes,  consistent with resolving pneumonia.  2.  Unchanged moderate right basilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Worsening compression fractures involving the T5 and T8 vertebral bodies.
Slightly increased opacity at the right base may represent atelectasis; however  developing pneumonia cannot be excluded.
Interval placement of a nasogastric tube with its side port below the GE  junction.
NG tube in appropriate position.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Nasogastric tube terminates in the upper esophagus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent reticular opacities projecting over the left lower lung, but  markedly improved since the prior radiographs.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Persistent, stable bilateral upper lung reticular  nodular opacities consistent with sarcoidosis.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Stable bilateral linear opacities in the upper lungs with suggestion of  local fibrosis.  No evidence of progression of disease.
Interval decrease in the size of the cardiac silhouette which is now normal.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.
Interval increase in pulmonary vascular congestion without frank  interstitial edema.  Small right-sided pleural effusion.
Resolved left lower lung opacity.  Would recommend non-emergent CT of the chest to  ensure resolution of previously detected lingular opacity as well as multiple additional  lung nodules described in detail on prior CT chest.
Left-sided dual lumen subclavian central venous catheter tip within the proximal right  atrium, coursing through a vascular stent within the left brachiocephalic vein and superior  vena cava.  Subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases without focal consolidation.
1.  Small right pleural effusion.  2.  Unchanged moderate to severe cardiomegaly.
Possible small right pleural effusion.  Otherwise unremarkable.
Minimal bibasilar atelectasis.  Possible trace bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Possible mild vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no significant interval  change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Multifocal opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  In addition, there is  increased vascular congestion, that should be re-assessed after diuresis.
Vague opacity projecting over the right mid/lower lung is new since prior and could  represent pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions.  No  definite consolidation.
1.  New patchy airspace opacities in the bilateral lung bases, concerning for aspiration.  2.  Chronic right apical pleural thickening and triangular peripheral interstital  opacity are again seen.  3.  Unchanged 8 mm nodular opacity within the right lower lobe.
1.  Persistent ill-defined opacity in the right upper lobe, which may be due to  atelectasis or pneumonia.  2.  Unchanged small right effusion or pleural thickening.  3.  Stable 8 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule.
1.  No evidence of active intrathoracic infection.  2.  Persistent blunting of the right posterior pleural sulcus could be due to scarring or a  small chronic pleural effusion.  3.  Mild pulmonary hyperinflation reflects emphysema.
New right lower lobe airspace opacity is likely due to aspiration pneumonia.
Patchy opacities involving the right mid and lower lung fields as well as to a  lesser extent within the left lung base, suspicious for aspiration pneumonia.  Small bilateral  pleural effusions.
1. New heterogenous parenchymal opacities involving the right upper lobe and  right lower lobe, compatible with patient's recent history of aspiration.  2. Small right pleural effusion is not significantly changed from prior.  3. Opacity along the medial aspect of the right apex likely represents post-radiation  changes, and was noted as far back as the ___ CT Torso.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild blunting of the right CP angle could reflect a tiny effusion or pleural  thickening.
1.  Increased vague opacity in the right mid lung superimposed on a bony  coalition may represent recurrent pneumonia.  2.  Known gastric pull-through for esophageal cancer is not distended.  3.  Right lower lobe nodule is similar in size through ___.
Hyperinflated lungs without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Probable trace left  pleural effusion.  Prominent retrocardiac opacity is compatible with a neo esophagus.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Near resolution of right lower lobe pneumonia with only mild residual  peribronchiolar opacification remaining in the right infrahilar area.
Resolved heterogeneous lung opacities in the right lung.  No new areas of  consolidation identified.
1.  Interstitial opacities within the right upper lobe are thought to represent  recurrent pneumonia.  2.  Persistent small right pleural effusion and right apical scarring.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Increased opacity in the right lung base, potentially due to atelectasis or  infection.  Right lung base nodule is less well seen on the current exam, potentially  projectional, and adequate comparison for interval change is not possible on this  exam.  There is also subtle opacity at the left lung base in the retrocardiac region.
1. Worsening opacification within the right upper lobe is concerning for recurrent  pneumonia or aspiration.  2. Unchanged 8 mm nodular opacity in the right lower lobe.  3. Chronic scarring within the medial aspect of the right lung is compatible with  post radiation changes.  4. Chronic small right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased pulmonary vascular markings and redistribution.  Prominent azygos vein.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small right subpulmonic effusion with bibasilar atelectasis.  Diffuse gaseous distention of bowel  loops in the upper abdomen.
Small right pleural effusion, similar to ___, slightly larger than on  ___.  Elevation of the right lung base has been increasing slowly over the  past ___ years.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Trace right pleural effusion and bibasilar  atelectasis.
New right lung base opacity compatible with at least some component of  pleural effusion with probable underlying airspace disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and blunting of the  right costophrenic angle which could be due to a trace right pleural effusion.   No new focal consolidation.
Left central venous catheter terminates in the lower SVC.  No evidence of  pneumothorax.
Decreased though persistent right-sided hydropneumothorax with incomplete  reexpansion of the right lung.  Right lower lung opacifications may reflect  combination of re expansion edema and atelectasis.
Interval decrease in size of large right pleural effusion following  thoracocentesis and pigtail catheter placement.  Persistent collapse of the right  lower lobe and possibly at least partial collapse of a right upper lobe.    Ill-defined opacity in the left suprahilar region which was new on ___ radiograph is  likely an aspiration pneumonia.
Interval enlargement of the right-sided pleural effusion.   Slight decrease in size of previously seen right pneumothorax.
Stable chest findings, no significant interval change.
1.  New right pigtail catheter in the right lower hemithorax.  2.  Persistent large right hydropneumothorax and left upper lobe pneumonia.  3.  Mild pulmonary edema.
Improved aeration of lungs with persistence of a right basilar loculated  hydropneumothorax.
Interval resolution of right pneumothorax with continued increase in  the right pleural effusion which is now large.
1. OG feeding tube coiled within the stomach with the tip pointing towards the fundus.  2. Unchanged moderate loculated right pleural effusion.  3. Stable left mid and lower lung opacities.
Findings suggesting mild congestion.  No evidence of acute disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement without focal consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Improved vascular congestion.  2.  Hiatal hernia.
Retrocardiac opacification could be due to atelectasis, although an infectious  process cannot be excluded.  Pulmonary vascular congestion without evidence of  interstitial pulmonary edema.  Possible small left pleural effusion.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Diffuse interstitial opacities, predominantly in the right lung base and  probably very mild in the left lung base are new, and given the clinical history,  likely represent lung infection (atypical viral) or asymmetric pulmonary edema.  In view of  history, a possibility of lymphangitic carcinomatosis also needs to be ruled out.  Dense opacity in the  left perihilar region, likely radiation fibrosis has significantly improved over ___
Increased density of opacification in the right lower hemithorax concerning for  developing infection.  Considerations include atypical infection, though asymmetric  pulmonary edema is possible.  Given history of lung malignancy, lymphangitic  carcinomatosis is also a consideration.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. New right IJ line ends in the lower SVC/cavoatrial junction.  2. Low lung volumes account for bronchovascular crowding; however mild  fluid overload would be difficult to exclude.
1.  No change in degree of pulmonary edema.  2.  Left lower lobe ate leftasis or pneumonia.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema, worse in the interval. Bibasilar atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Increased opacity projecting over the right lung base raises concern for  underlying consolidation.  Dedicated PA and lateral views of the chest would be helpful for  further evaluation.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Low lung volumes and mild pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent mild pulmonary vascular congestion and mild cardiomegaly.  No focal  consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air.
Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with left basilar atelectasis.  No focal opacity identified on concurrent CT.
Retrocardiac opacity without clear correlate on the frontal view, which was  also present on prior radiographs.  This could represent pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.
Endotracheal tube tip 2 cm above the carina.  This could be pulled back 2 to 3 cm for more  optimal placement.  Nasogastric tube distal tip is poorly seen due to technique but is at least to the  level of the GE junction.  Stable cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.
No significant interval change.  Persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and  cephalization of the pulmonary vascularity, likely at least in part due to  supine positioning.
Patchy opacity at the left lung base is nonspecific, but could be due to  infection or aspiration.  Dedicated PA and lateral views if and when patient able, would be  helpful for further evaluation.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is improved.
Pulmonary vascular congestion without definite focal consolidation.
Left lower lobe opacity likely reflects developing pneumonia versus atelectasis.
1. Endotracheal tube terminates 4.1 cm above the carina and could be advanced 5-6 cm for  ideal positioning.  2. Mild vascular congestion with mild pulmonary edema.  3. Increased opacity at the base of the left lung may reflect atelectasis.
1.  Increased opacification of the left base may represent artifact from patient positioning or  atelectasis, however superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  2.  Probable small left pleural effusion.
1.  New or worsening right middle lobe and right lower lobe collapse.  2.  Likely trace layering right pleural effusion.  3.  Endotracheal tube terminates 4.3 cm from the carina.
New parenchymal density in the left upper lobe, concerning for  pneumonia.  Recommend further evaluation with chest CT.    Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by phone at 11:30 a.m. on ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Persistent mild elevation of the right  hemidiaphragm.
1.  Right PICC line ends proximal to the junction of the right subclavian and  right internal jugular vein.  2.  Stable mild pulmonary venous engorgement and mediastinal widening.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Orogastric tube tip and side hole below the diaphragm.  2.  Ill-defined opacities at the left base, which likely represent atelectasis,  but an underlying lower lobe pneumonia cannot be excluded.  3.  Prominent left hilum, likely reflecting pulmonary hypertension.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and pleural effusions.  Persistent  patchy opacification of the right mid upper and left upper lungs, which are  background findings.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Extensive parenchymal opacities with distortion in both apices and chain sutures in the  right upper lobe are reflective of known malignancy and post treatment changes.
1.  Mild increased pulmonary vascular congestion from ___.  2.  Small right pleural effusion with mild right basilar atelectasis. Right base  consolidation is not entirely excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged scattered parenchymal  opacities within both lungs, compatible with known neoplastic disease.
Slight increase in opacity in the left lower lung adjacent to the left heart  border, with improved right basilar opacity.  Small right pleural effusion,  slightly decreased from prior.
Malpositioned right internal jugular central venous catheter, tip off of the superior  borders of the film.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 2:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the  findings.
Nasogastric tube with the first side port in the proximal stomach.
1. Worsening left retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis or aspiration.  2. Right pleural effusion appears smaller although this may be due to more upright  positioning.
Increased interstitial markings bilaterally, particularly centrally,  worrisome for worsening pulmonary edema.  Right basilar opacity is again seen, which may be due to  fluid overload, although an underlying consolidation is not excluded.  Small right pleural effusion was better seen on CT as was left lower lobe opacities.
1. Interval improvement in interstitial edema.  2. Small bilateral effusions.  3. Right upper lobe opacity corresponds to the mass demonstrated on recent CT.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Persistent ill-defined focal opacities within both upper lobes as well as the left  lower lobe, not substantially changed in the interval and better assessed on the previous CT.
1.  Increased right pleural effusion, now small to moderate.  2.  Left suprahilar opacity is partially attributed to postsurgical scarring as well as the  previously seen consolidation, however is not well evaluated on this single frontal projection.
Bilateral pleural effusions and mild interstitial abnormality,  consistent with pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.
Worsening moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild perihilar fullness, slightly improved compared to the prior exam.  Persistent small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Persistent spiculated opacity in the right upper lung and ill-defined opacity in  the left mid lung.  These opacities were seen on the prior CT chest.
Right IJ central venous catheter tip projecting over the lower SVC.  No  pneumothorax.
Slight decrease in moderate right pleural effusion.  Improving left retrocardiac opacity.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate right pleural effusion with fluid layering along the lateral right lung and apex  as well as medially adjacent to the mediastinum is unchanged.
Substantial improvement in large right pleural effusion with residual  mild-to-moderate fluid.  Ill-defined opacity in the right upper lung is  consolidation unless proven otherwise.
1. Two chest tubes overlie the right base with lucency demonstrated about one, which may  represent a small basilar pneumothorax.  2. Persistent asymmetric opacification of the right lung with increased asymmetric pulmonary  vascularity and moderate right pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with mild congestion/edema. No convincing signs of pneumonia.
1.  Mild cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Curvilinear lucency at posterior to the sternum on the lateral view may reflect a small  pneumothorax.  3.  Stable nodular opacity in the left mid lung, which could be secondary to  malignancy.  4.  Right upper lobe scarring and upper zone lucency reflecting known emphysema.
Slight increase in the pulmonary edema and moderate right pleural effusion.   Persistent opacity at the right base may be pneumonia.
Slight interval increase in size of bilateral pleural effusions which are now  moderate to large.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Subtle peribronchial opacity only seen on frontal view in the  left lung superior and lateral to the left hilus is unchanged since prior examination.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Persistent retrocardiac opacity, improved since exam ___ days prior.  No  definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Previously noted patchy opacity within the right  lower lobe seen on CT is not well visualized on the current exam.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of pneumothorax.
Left PICC terminates in the upper SVC.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary parenchymal  infiltrates.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and pulmonary vascular  engorgement.
Persistent prominence of the hila suggesting vascular engorgement with  possible mild increase in vascular congestion as compared to the prior study.
Cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Previously present mild pulmonary edema has resolved.
Pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with superimposed pulmonary edema.  More dense left basilar opacity,  particularly on the frontal view could be combination of atelectasis noting that  infection is difficult to exclude.
1.  Low lying endotracheal tube with tip approximately 1.6 cm above the carina.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with mild congestive heart failure.  No overt pulmonary edema.
Persistent cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.  No focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
Low lung volumes with possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small  left pleural effusion.  Bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities likely due to atelectasis, although  infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.
Improved aeration of the lungs.  Persistent bibasilar opacities, although  less pronounced in appearance compared to the prior radiograph.
Stable mild to moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema. No new focal consolidation or  pneumothorax.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild to moderate vascular congestion and pulmonary  edema.  Dense retrocardiac consolidation is likely related to edema, but superimposed  consolidation cannot be excluded.
Cardiomegaly with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.
NG tube has been advanced now terminating in the stomach although the side port is  difficult to visualize.
No change.
1.  Endotracheal tube lies approximately 5 cm above the carina.  2.  Persistent bibasilar opacities, most likely representing atelectasis and small  effusion.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed pneumonia would have to be  considered.
Improved pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly.
Pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema.  Left retrocardiac opacity likely  reflects pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.  An underlying left basilar  consolidation cannot be excluded.
Mild pulmonary edema, perhaps minimally worse compared to the previous exam. Small  bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 4.0 cm above the carina.  2.  Persistent cardiomegaly, mild to moderate pulmonary edema, and hilar congestion.
Progression of severe vascular engorgement and bilateral perihilar opacities with  interval increase in small left pleural effusion.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  ET tube 5.4 cm above the carina.  2.  Worsening pulmonary edema.
Left upper extremity PICC line terminates in the distal left brachiocephalic vein. Stable cardiomegaly.
Pulmonary edema perhaps minimally less extensive when compared to prior. Retrocardiac  region is not well-visualized potentially in part due to overlying soft tissues and  atelectasis although underlying infection cannot be excluded.
Pulmonary edema, small effusions.
Low lung volumes with probable small bilateral pleural effusions versus  atelectasis. Prominent vasculature and prominence of the hila is suggestive of  pulmonary hypertension.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Endotracheal tube ends at the level of the inferior clavicular heads and is  no less than 5.2cm above the carina.  2.  New opacification of both lower lobes despite no change in lung volumes  is concerning for pneuomonia.  3.  Increased caliber of the left upper lobe azygous vein.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Slight increase in size of the left pleural effusion.  No new consolidation.
1.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Linear interstitial opacities in the left lung may represent fibrosis from scarring or  pneumonia.  3.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and small bilateral effusions with bibasilar  atelectasis.
Faint bibasilar opacities with possible bronchial wall thickening which are  nonspecific but similar to that seen on ___.
1.  Increased focal opacification within the left lower lobe in setting of known  transbronchial biopsy is likely related to focal hemorrhage superimposed on known  area of focal opacity/though is out of proportion to expected.  2.  Unchanged Bronchiectasis of the left lung base.
Interval placement of a left-sided chest tube which appears to terminate  approximately at the level of the medial left diaphragm and may extend to the  mediastinum.  There has been re-expansion of the left lung with opacity in the  left mid-to-lower lung which could be due to pulmonary hemorrhage/contusion, partial  collapse, or less likely infection.  Subcutaneous emphysema is seen along the left chest
Very large left pneumothorax with collapse of the left lung.   Possible slight tension component.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary parenchymal  infiltrates.
Small left pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
No pneumothorax.  Unchanged left lower lobe opacity.
Persistent right middle lobe consolidation consistent with the patient's known  post-obstructive pneumonia.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Widespread opacity in the right middle lobe concerning for pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this  finding.
Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Bibasilar opacities suggesting a combination of atelectasis and pleural  effusion.
No significant interval change.  Persistent retrocardiac opacity which could be due to  atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Left-sided pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.
Mild interstitial abnormality, suggestive of a very mild congestion.  No  evidence of acute disease.
Pulmonary edema and pulmonary vascular congestion.
Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  Small right pleural effusion.
Stable massive cardiomegaly with significant dilatation of the main pulmonary  artery.  Unchanged moderate bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval increase in size of a now moderate left pleural effusion with associated  atelectasis.  Smaller right pleural fluid.  Improved pulmonary edema.  Unchanged moderate to severe cardiomegaly.
Persistent left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.  Left base  retrocardiac opacity likely represents combination of effusion and effusion,  although underlying consolidation is difficult to exclude.
Persistent cardiomegaly with small left pleural effusion.   Slight increase in markings in the right lung base may be artifactual, although  underlying consolidation is not excluded.
Moderate to severe pulmonary edema with increased bilateral moderate size pleural  effusions.  Mid and lower lung right greater than left pulmonary opacities, may reflect  atelectasis in this setting of effusions and pulmonary edEMA, however a in multifocal  infectious process or aspiration cannot be excluded.
Persistent moderate left pleural effusion and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Left lung base consolidation is new since prior exam.  Peripheral right lung base opacity may reflect atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
No pneumothorax identified.  Otherwise, stable examination with unchanged left base  retrocardiac opacity likely representing a combination of atelectasis and effusion.
1.  Increased left lower lobe atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  No pneumothorax.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Persistent cardiomegaly and tiny right pleural effusion.
1.  Increased opacification in the left lower lobe could be a combination of left-sided  pleural effusion with associated atelectasis or in the appropriate clinical  setting, focal consolidation.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly with an apparent gradual increase in size from prior  studies which is concerning for pericardial effusion.
Moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  Left basilar opacity could be due to  pleural fluid noting that underlying consolidation cannot be completely excluded.
1.  NG tube can be followed through the stomach pointing towards the duodenum.  2.  Linear density on the right base, compatible with aspiration.  3.  No evidence of new pulmonary congestion or pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild hyperexpansion likely due to underlying  obstructive lung disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Suspected right middle lobe mass is present since at least ___ and previously  evaluated on CT.
Improved aeration of the lungs since ___.  Persistent bibasilar  opacities, likely due to atelectasis.
Moderate left and stable small right pleural effusions with  pulmonary edema.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial edema.  Rounded densities projecting over the peripheral right upper lung zone on the AP view may represent pulmonary nodules.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval increase in perihilar opacities, right greater than left,  which may be due to infectious process with possible superimposed edema.
New enteric catheter ends either at the gastric antrum or first portion of the duodenum.  No  pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Persistent left basilar atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with small left pleural effusion and mild pulmonary edema.  Small area of  consolidation in the left upper lobe which could represent a small focus of  pneumonia.
Persistent very large hiatal hernia with bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural  effusions.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  3.  Diffuse osteopenia.
Subtle hazy opacities in the right lower lobe are new compared to the  prior study from ___, possibly atelectasis or a very early pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Substantial new opacity in the right lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute intrathoracic process.  COPD.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New density in the retrosternal clear space suggests the presence of an anterior  mediastinal lesion, of note in prior CT there were enlarge lymph nodes in this location.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 2:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Persistent prominence of the left hilum which appears less confluent as compared  to ___, but more prominent as compared to chest radiograph from ___,  underlying lymphadenopathy not excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Enlarged left hilum.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
New opacity in the right lower lobe concerning for pneumonia, superimposed  on preexisting patchy medial right middle lobe opacification, which appears more  chronic, although the lungs had been clear on earlier radiographs from ___.
Persistent right middle lobe heterogeneous opacity is concerning for chronic  aspiration, although pneumonia could have a similar appearance.
Right middle lobe opacity concerning for an early developing pneumonia.   Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Ovoid lucency projecting over the right tracheobronchial angle and a crescentic lucency  along the junction of the left heart border and aortic lumen are concerning for  malignancy.  Correlation with prior imaging is recommended.  3.  Subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall.
Interval increase in size of the right pleural effusion.  Unchanged moderate left pleural  effusion and decrease in mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural  effusions.  Prominent lung markings raise the possibility of chronic lung disease.
Persistent left lower lobe consolidation and possible trace left pleural  effusion.
1. 3-cm irregularly marginated mass in the lingula, which has grown since prior  studies.  2. Stable appearance of bilateral pleural plaques/pleural thickening.  3. Persistent blunting of the right costophrenic angle and stable interstitial  opacities within the lower lungs.
Interval improvement of opacities in the right lower lung.
Interval placement of a Swan-Ganz catheter with the tip slightly beyond the  mediastinum.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  2.  Bilateral pleural thickening and plaques in keeping with history of asbestos exposure.  3.  Multifocal areas of linear scarring and/or atelectasis.
1.  Increased hazy opacification of the lungs may represent mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged bilateral pleural plaques and pleural thickening.  3.  Rounded opacity in the left mid lung zone, previously seen on ___ and ___ and thought to  represent an area of round atelectasis which has resolved in the interim and recurred.
Possible minimal increased left lung hazy opacity which could be due to  edema.  No focal opacities concerning for infection.
Interval placement of a right internal jugular line with tip in the distal SVC.  No  pneumothorax.
1.  New left upper lobe opacity concerning for developing pneumonia.  2.  Improving retrocardiac consolidation, either representing improving atelectasis or  pneumonia.
Interval placement of a large-bore dual-lumen right central venous  catheter, distal aspect not well seen, but likely terminating at the cavoatrial  junction/proximal right atrium.  No pneumothorax seen.
1. Interval improvement in right lower lobe opacity since the prior study,  however hazy opacification persists, difficult to discern whether new since the  prior study or whether never fully resolved.  Infection vs assymetric pulmonary edema.  2. Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly, similar in comparison with the prior AP  radiograph, but increased since ___.  The cardiac silhouette remains  enlarged, which may be due to cardi
Right IJ central venous catheter tip in the mid SVC. Right lower lung airspace  consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No visualized free intraperitoneal air.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 3.3 cm above the carina.  2.  Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with trace pleural effusions.  Increased opacity in the right mid-to-lower lung  concerning for pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Opacities projecting over the spine on the lateral radiograph may be due to  atelectasis or infection.  2. Moderate cardiomegaly, slightly smaller since the study of ___.
Right middle lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Nasogastric tube terminates in the distal stomach.  2.  Unchanged severe bilateral airspace opacities.  3.  Stable small layering right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette with now somewhat globular  morphology.  3.  Tubing loops over the epigastric region and with the tip projecting at the dome of the  left hemidiaphragm over the cardiac silhouettes.  Recommend repositioning.  4.  Incidental note is made of internal fixation hardware, incompletely evaluated, involving the
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Right middle lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  atelectasis.  Blunting of the right costophrenic angle may be due to overlying soft  tissue, though a small pleural effusion cannot be excluded.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate-large hiatal hernia.
ETT terminates in the trachea 4 cm above the level of the carina.  No  pneumothorax.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Right lower lobe nodule is similar in appearance to prior radiograph and CT,  however true volume cannot be measured on radiography.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Vague nodular focus projecting  over the right lateral lung, which could be further evaluated with chest CT.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. New moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  2. Worsening right lower lobe atelectasis.  3. Stable bilateral apical pneumothoraces.
Slight elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with left basilar  atelectasis.
Right upper extremity PICC line terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction.
Slightly increased hazy opacities at the right lung base, which may be due to  atelectasis or infection.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable, moderate cardiomegaly.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Right PICC line terminates at the mid SVC and the tip is obscured by overlying pacer leads.  No  pneumothorax.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with possible minimal central vascular engorgement without overt  pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Subtle right lower lobe opacity is concerning for pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 3:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right PICC terminates near the right subclavian and internal jugular vein  confluence with its tip pointing slightly superiorly in the direction of internaljugular vein.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Central pulmonary vascular engorgement with mild peribronchial cuffing.  No  definite focal consolidation.
Decreased opacities at the right lung base.  Tiny right pleural effusion.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion.
Findings suggesting mild interstitial edema.  Patchy right basilar opacities may  reflect atelectasis, although infection is not excluded in the appropriate  clinical setting.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip in the mid/low SVC.  No  pneumothorax identified on this supine exam.
Extensive consolidation in the right lower lung, probably in the  right lower lobe.  Recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure  resolution.
Patchy right lower lobe opacity worrisome for infection or aspiration.
Limited evaluation due to respiratory motion especially in the lower lungs.   The previously seen right basilar patchy opacity appears improved.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent large left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis and/or  consolidation in the left mid and lower lung region.
Opacity in the left mid and lower lung concerning for pneumonia.
Slightly increased retrocardiac opacity is likely atelectasis although  infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.
1.  Dobbhoff tube is coiled within the pharynx.  2.  Left-sided PICC line terminates at the cavoatrial junction.  3.  Right lower lung opacification likely represents combination of atelectasis and layering  pleural effusion.
No reaccumulation of pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
Marked improvement of massive right pleural effusion.  No  pneumothorax.
No evidence of pneumothorax.  Stable large right layering pleural effusion and  bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  Linear lucency along the trachea concerning for pneumomediastinum.  2.  Suggestion of a pleural fold approximately 4.5 cm from the apex with  paucity of lung markings in this region which may suggest a moderate-sized  pneumothorax not evident on the prior study; however, there appears to be no  evidence of the expected associated volume loss.  3.  Small rounded radiopaque density projecting in
No evidence of new pulmonary infiltrates in patient with history of  esophageal cancer.
Improved aeration of the lung bases.  No reaccumulation of pleural effusions or  development of pneumothorax.
Persistent increased lucency of the right upper lung; however, the pleural  fold is no longer evident.  Persistent subcutaneous gas in the soft tissues of the neck and  trace pneumomediastinum at the level of the trachea.
1.  Improved atelectasis in the right upper lung and left lower lung.  2.  Possible small layering pleural effusions.  3.  Unchanged pulmonary vascular congestion.
New right IJ line with tip projecting over the mid SVC.  No visualized  pneumothorax.  Endotracheal tube 1.5 cm from the carina and should be withdrawn several  centimeters for optimal positioning.  Enteric tube side port just proximal to the GE junction and  should be advanced.  Fullness of the soft tissues in the right hilar region are seen, the  etiology of which is uncertain.  Given prior surgery
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged 1.5 x 1.3 cm nodule in the left mid lung.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 3 cm above the level of the carina.  2.  Enteric tube courses below the diaphragm, coiling in the stomach.  3.  Interval development of left lower lobe atelectasis with possible effusion.  4.  Increased perihilar opacity suggesting pulmonary edema.
Hazy bibasilar opacities suggestive of layering effusions.   Prominence of the azygos vein may be due to vascular engorgement, however  superimposed infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.
1.  Endotracheal tube within 1 cm of the carina and should be withdrawn.  2.  Enteric tube is seen with tip at the gastric fundus, side port likely just beyond the GE  junction.  3.  Increased opacity at the right perihilar region may represent atelectasis.
1.  Dobbhoff tube in appropriate position.  2.  Unchanged left lower and upper lobe consolidations.
Endotracheal tube tip within 1 cm of the carina.  Enteric tube tip at the gastric fundus, side port not clearly  identified on the current exam.
Interval removal of endotracheal tube and enteric feeding tube.  No  pneumothorax.  Unchanged mild to moderate left pleural effusion.
1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Chronic or recurrent mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Persistent loculated pleural effusions.
Chronic loculated bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar opacities likely  representing atelectasis and scarring. No new focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
Bilateral loculated pleural effusions and right base opacity which may be due to  atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable moderate bilateral pleural  effusions with associated atelectasis.
1.  Decreased interstitial edema and pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  Unchanged bilateral layering pleural effusions.
Bilateral loculated pleural effusions, unchanged from prior CT in ___.  Right basilar atelectasis.
1.  Moderate-to-large loculated right pleural effusion, increased in size from  prior exam.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.  3.  Bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis or aspiration.
New peribronchial opacities in the left lower lung and right lung base are concerning for  aspiration.  Consider retracting the endotracheal tube by approximately 2 cm for better  seating.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephoneon ___ at 3:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  2.  Nodular area of opacification in the left mid lung field was not clearly seen on the  prior radiograph.  Recommend repeat chest radiograph with improved inspiratory effort for  further evaluation.  3.  Numerous radiopaque circular ovoid structures within the upper abdomen, likely reflecting  ingested pills within the bowel.
Ill-defined opacities within the left upper lobe and left lung base are concerning for pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
1.  Slight interval increase in the opacity in the lingula, which may be due to  atelectasis.  2.  No new focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Persistent opacity in the region of the lingular mass, decreased in comparison to  the postbiopsy opacity noted in ___ but greater than expected for postoperative  hemorrhage at this time and thus raising suspicion for a possible infectious process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Vague opacification projecting over the lingula in the region of the previously  noted mass is likely a combination of residual mass and a small, not unexpected  hemorrhage.
Small left pleural effusion, slightly increased in size compared to the prior  study.  Rounded consolidative opacity within the lingula is mildly smaller compared to  the prior study, measuring approximately 5.2 x 5.6 cm, previously 6.7  x 4.0 cm.  Recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure  resolution of this finding.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval progression of the opacity in the left upper lobe concerning for pneumonia.   Additional nodules previously described are not as clearly delineated by x-ray.
Opacity in the region of the lingula, corresponding to the consolidation seen on  the prior chest CT.  Given the patient's symptoms and history of a lingular  infiltrate, this most likely represents a residual area of cryptogenic organizing pneumonia.
Pulmonary edema with superimposed pneumonia.
Moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.  Bibasilar opacities are felt to more likely  relate to vascular congestion rather than consolidation, however in the  appropriate clinical setting, underlying pneumonia is difficult to exclude.
Increasing bibasilar opacities are likely due to increasing pulmonary edema and  atelectasis.
Mild left base atelectasis/scarring.  Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
New central venous catheter terminates in the left brachiocephalic vein.  No pneumothorax.
Findings suggesting mild congestive heart failure.  Patchy opacities at both lung bases, more prominent in the  retrocardiac area than at the right lung base, decreased from ___ but not necessarily chronic.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Right lower lung opacities are increased since ___, concerning for  worsening or new pneumonia.
Left-sided consolidation involving the left upper lobes and possibly portions of  the lingula and left lower lobe is seen.  Trace left pleural effusion.  Subtle opacity at the  right lung base of is more likely due to atelectasis but additional site of  infection is not excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Multifocal pneumonia.  Recommend followup to resolution.
1. Right IJ line terminates in the SVC.  No pneumothorax.  2. Unchanged bilateral lower zone linear and hazy opacities.  3. Stable cardiomegaly and prominence of hilar vasculature.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild interstitial edema.  Asymmetric opacity in the right lung  concerning for pneumonia.
Unchanged multifocal opacities in the superior segment of the left lower lobe  and right lung base concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  Small left pleural effusion.
Marked improvement in aeration of the lungs with patchy opacities in the lung  bases, potentially infectious or atelectasis.
Mild cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.
Worsening retrocardiac opacity concerning for pneumonia.  Hilar congestion.
Right upper extremity PICC tip in the mid SVC.  Mild cardiomegaly.
Mild pulmonary edema, minimally improved from the prior examination.
Mild worsening of pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal and enteric tubes in appropriate position.  Mild bibasilar  atelectasis.
Interval placement of a right central dialysis catheter with small left effusion and  basilar atelectasis.  No convincing signs of pneumonia or overt edema.    Subtle nodularity in the left upper lung likely represents confluence of vasculature though a true  nodule cannot be excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and small bilateral pleural effusions.   Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis, but infection is not  excluded in the correct clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Large bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent compressive  atelectasis.  Mild pulmonary edema.
Top-normal heart size with tiny left pleural effusion.
Moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with resolution of pulmonary  edema.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions. Bibasilar opacities likely reflect a  combination of effusions and atelectasis; although, underlying infection cannot be  excluded.
Interval increase in interstitial markings which may be due to  pulmonary fibrosis, although superimposed edema cannot be excluded.  Slight blunting of both  costophrenic angles, felt most likely be related to overlying soft tissues, but trace  pleural effusions be difficult to exclude.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  2.  Mild chronic-appearing compression deformities along the upper thoracic spine; although  unlikely to represent acute fractures, there may be some increase in the degree of attenuated body  heights at one or more levels since the prior CT from several years ago.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.  Enlargement of hila is consistent with a  combination of enlarged pulmonary arteries and right hilar lymph node enlargement as  demonstrated on recent CT.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Unchanged multifocal parenchymal opacities consistent with multifocal pneumonia.  Subtle lobulated lucencies in the right mid lung are suggestive of pneumatoceles.  Improved left-sided pleural effusion.
Bilateral middle lobe opacities are concerning for pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Consolidations in the right mid lung and retrocardiac location could  reflect concurrent pneumonia.
1. New thin linear density along the left apex, which may represent a  pneumothorax.  Alternatively, it could be a skinfold.  2. Worsening basilar opacities, right more than left, likely due to  pulmonary edema from re-expansion after the right thoracentesis.  3. Stable small left effusion.
1.  Near complete resolution of right pleural effusion following thoracentesis.  2.  Slight increase in size of small left pleural fluid.  3.  Persistent patchy bilateral opacities, consistent with known pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Substantial decrease in size of small left-sided pleural effusion and  moderate right-sided effusion.  Patchy basilar opacities are nonspecific, but could  be seen with a resolving infection or atelectasis associated with effusions.   Vague nodular opacity projecting over the right upper lung that is similar to better  defined compared to the recent prior chest radiographs and may correspond to nodular focus  along the right minor fissure
Marked regression of previously identified multifocal  parenchymal infiltrates.  No evidence of new acute intrathoracic abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval progression of pneumonic infiltrates in patient with  history of cough.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.
1.  Obscuration of the left border may represent early lingular pneumonia.  2.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.
1.  Left PIC catheter tip projecting over distal SVC/cavoatrial junction.  No  pneumothorax.  2.  Bilateral multifocal consolidations involving predominantly right lung, possibly also  involving the lingula appear more conspicuous from ___ exam.  3.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Right middle lobe and lingular pneumonia.  Recommend followup to resolution.
Residual hazy opacities persist at bilateral lung bases and inferior lingula from  prior recent infection but are significantly improved from prior study.
Patchy opacity in the lateral segment of the right middle lobe, worrisome for  pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution.
Small residual consolidation in the lingula, which continues to  decrease in size as compared to the prior studies.  No definite focal consolidation on the  right.
Interval improvement of multifocal densities.  No evidence of  pneumothorax or new infiltrates.
Slight interval decrease of bilateral pleural effusions.  Otherwise, no significant  interval change.
Worsening right middle lobe and left lingular infiltrate.  Increased small bilateral  pleural effusions.
Moderate cardiomegaly with new diffuse bilateral hazy opacities suggestive of  moderate increase in pulmonary central venous pressure.  Bilateral small pleural effusions.
Worsening mild pulmonary vascular congestion and pulmonary edema.  Stable small bilateral pleural effusions.
Lower lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Mild central hilar congestion.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and probable trace right pleural effusion.   Retrocardiac atelectasis.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  Small pleural effusion.  Basilar opacities may relate to fluid  overload; however, infectious process is not excluded.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new infiltrates in patient with  extensive bilateral chest wall emphysema.
1.  Worsening heterogeneous airspace opacities in the right lower lobe are concerning for  aspiration or evolving infectious pneumonia.  2.  Extensive subcutaneous emphysema has worsened, particularly in the neck, axilla and  lateral chest wall as compared to the prior studies.  3.  Numerous air-fluid levels in the left upper lobe lateral to the left hilum,  may reflect hemorrhage or infection within a bullae.
Endotracheal tube 6 cm above the carina.  No pneumothorax identified.  Otherwise, no significant interval  change.
Moderate pulmonary edema has worsened and mild-to-moderate bilateral pleural  effusions have increased sincen ___.  Bilateral lower lung opacities is combination of effusion,  atelectasis and pulmonary edEMA.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, small bilateral pleural effusions.
Increased diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, consistent with  edema.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Persistent small right and  moderate left pleural effusions.
Increased consolidation of the left lower lung as well as in the upper lung  concerning for pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Persistent opacity projecting over the heart on the frontal view with air bronchograms  which correlates with increased opacity in the retrocardiac space.  This could be due to  atelectasis or pneumonia.
Stable appearance of multiple loculated right pleural effusions.
1.  Interval clearance of large right pleural effusion with re-expansion  atelectasis.  2.  New small left pleural fluid.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly.  4.  Central venous engorgement suggestive of hypervolemia.
1.  Resolution of small right-sided pneumothorax.  2.  Unchanged small layering right pleural effusion and subcutaneous emphysema.  3.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly decreased from yesterday.
1.  Right middle and lower lobe collapse.  2.  Interval decrease in size of right pleural effusion, which had been drained on ___.  3.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.
Interval increase in mild pulmonary edema and loculated right pleural effusion.  New left pleural fluid.
Large focal consolidation involving the right lower lobe which may also  involve the right middle lobe with associated moderate pleural fluid on the right side,  all of which are new since the prior study ___ ___.  Increased pulmonary  vascular engorgement.
Little change in appearance of large loculated right pleural effusion despite  large amount of drainage with the majority of fluid loculated in the right major fissure.
No significant interval change.  Persistent loculated fluid in the major fissure as seen on prior CT.
Moderate right pleural effusion has increased compared to the prior study from  ___, likely with a subpulmonic component.  A concomitant consolidative  process at the right lung base cannot be excluded.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without frank  interstitial edema.
Large right pleural effusion which is loculated appears slightly increased  compared to the prior study.  Right basilar opacification could reflect compressive  atelectasis though infection is not excluded.  Mild leftward shift of mediastinal structures,  slightly increased compared to ___.
Persistent opacity over the right mid-to-lower lateral lung, likely  corresponding to known loculated pleural effusion.  No new consolidation.
Increasing right pleural effusion, now large.
1.  Slight increase in size of moderate loculated right pleural effusion.  2.  Heterogeneous opacities in the right mid to lower lung are slightly increased,  possibly partially due to overlying pleural fluid, although atelectasis or infection in  this region is certainly possible.  3.  Mild cardiomegaly and borderline pulmonary edema.  4.  Increased central adenopathy.
Persistent loculated right pleural effusion with slight  improvement in aeration in the right upper lung.
Increased opacity in the right lung concerning for a superimposed  consolidation/pneumonia.  Probable increase in size of loculated right pleural effusion.
Persistent substantial layering right pleural effusion with compressive  atelectasis.  Interval engorgement of pulmonary vessels, particularly on the left.
Slight interval increase in size of right-sided pleural effusion with  underlying parenchymal opacity, potentially atelectasis; however, infiltrate is  also possible.
Very ill-defined opacity on the lateral view only in the posteroinferior lung  overlying the lower thoracic spine is concerning for pneumonia.
Interval increase in extent of opacification of the right hemithorax,  compatible with increasing size of a large layering right pleural effusion.  Right basilar  atelectasis.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased right infrahilar opacity, probably correlating with focal  right lower lobe opacity.  This is superimposed on a probably more chronic  interstitial abnormality at the lung bases, which is greater on the right than left.
Interval increase in the pulmonary edema, greater on the right than on the left.   Small bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis.
Slight decrease in bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Recommend repeat PA and lateral radiographs of the chest to  verify these findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar opacities, more extensive on the right than left, concerning for  multifocal pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Chronic blunting of the left lateral costophrenic angle potentially due to  atelectasis or small effusion. Mild vascular congestion without overt edema.
Mild cardiomegaly and mild vascular congestion, but no pulmonary edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No significant interval change.  Persistent bibasilar opacities, more  apparent on the lateral view on today's exam which could represent atelectasis or  infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Possible trace left pleural effusion.
1.  Left PICC terminates in the left brachiocephalic vein.  Replacement is recommended.  2.  Worsening bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema.
Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly with unchanged left pleural effusion and  left lower lobe atelectasis.
Improved aeration of the bilateral upper lungs; however, there is persistent  if not slightly improved bibasilar opacifications, possibly due to atelectasis  and bilateral pleural effusions, though superimposed infectious process is not  excluded.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema and small to moderate left pleural effusion, similar  compared to the prior exam.  Left basilar opacification likely reflects compressive  atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Moderate left pleural effusion and opacification of the left lower lung is  stable since ___.  No pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly, small to moderate bilateral pleural effusions and congestive  failure.  More focal appearing consolidations in the middle lobe and a lower lobe,  probably left.
Persistent bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly with diffuse pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion.  No gross pneumothorax.
Pulmonary vascular congestion with possible small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Interval progression of the bilateral parenchymal opacities most  compatible with pulmonary edema.  More dense retrocardiac opacity silhouetting the  hemidiaphragm suspicious for superimposed effusion.
Small right pleural effusion, decreased in comparison to the prior study.   Improved lung aeration bilaterally.
Substantial interval resolution of left tension pneumothorax following chest tube  placement.  Persistent small residual pneumopericardium is likely related to recent  surgery.  Consider retracting the ET tube by 2 cm for appropriate seating.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
Chronic interstitial changes in the lungs, which have somewhat increased,  which may be related to interstitial edema.  However, this is not accompanied by any  evidence of pneumonia.
Mild-to-moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.  No focal consolidation.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Lucency below the left hemidiaphragm on the frontal and adjacent to the right  lateral, which could represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.  3.  Slight compression deformity of a lower thoracic vertebral body is unchanged.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased interstitial markings bilaterally not significantly changed from  ___, but no focal opacities.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Subtle increase in opacification in the retrocardiac region, superimposed on a  stable mild background of interstitial abnormality.
1.  Endotracheal tube 4 cm above the carina.  2.  Calcified pleural plaques and trace bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Heterogeneous opacity in the right mid and lower lung may represent an area of  scarring.
Interval resolution of right apical pneumothorax.  Persistent right mid and lower lung  opacities, but improved from ___.
Small right apicolateral pneumothorax, minimally decreased in size since the  recent study.  Slight worsening of patchy opacity in the retrocardiac region.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Low lung volumes without definite focal consolidation.  Mild cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.
Patchy left basilar opacity may reflect atelectasis, although infection  cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Nodule in the left perihilar region measuring approximately 2.3 cm.  Given history of prior malignancy,  underlying metastases would be of concern.  Nonurgent chest CT is suggested to  further evaluate.
1.  Mild pulmonary edema and trace bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Persistent moderate cardiomegaly.  3.  Underlying pneumonia cannot be fully excluded.
Moderate interstitial pulmonary edema and moderate bilateral pleural  effusions.
Interval improvement in bilateral pleural effusions and interstitial edema.
Worsening interstitial and airspace opacities, predominantly basal,  concerning for multifocal pneumonia.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution of this finding.
1.  New heterogeneous opacities in the right upper lung and left lower lung are  concerning for infection.  2.  Increased small to moderate left pleural effusion.
Continued progressive consolidation involving the left lung with  asymmetric opacification throughout the right hemithorax most compatible with  multifocal pneumonia.  Superimposed areas of bibasilar atelectasis.
No evidence of acute or chronic pulmonary infiltrates in patient  with history of mediastinal lipomatosis.
Interval improvement in asymmetric, mild, right pulmonary edema.
Minimal interstitial edema.  Emphysema.
Worsening pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without frank congestive heart failure.   Patchy right infrahilar opacity, suspected to represent minor streaky atelectasis.
Bilateral basilar interstitial abnormality may be due to pulmonary edema or  atypical infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly increased when compared to the prior  study.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Please note the patient's arms are partly obscuring the  visualization of the lungs on the lateral view.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Prominence of the superior mediastinum is  compatible with mediastinal lipomatosis seen on ___ chest CT.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly improved from ___.  2.  Streaky opacities at the bilateral lung bases most likely reflect atelectasis;  however, superimposed infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical  context.  3.  No evidence of free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm.
Findings compatible with mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural  effusions.  Patchy consolidations in the right middle lobe may represent pneumonia in the  right clinical circumstances.
1.  Right infrahilar pneumonia.  2.  Improved pulmonary edema, although a small amount of edema remains.
Mild cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.   Retrocardiac opacity may represent atelectasis though pneumonia is not excluded.
1.  Left chest wall central line terminates in the right atrium.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable pulmonary hypertension and vascular engorgement.
Minimal increase in bilateral airspace opacities suggesting pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema is improved from prior exam.  Dilated main pulmonary artery  compatible with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Cardiomegaly with severe pulmonary edema.  Likely small bilateral effusions.
1.  Increased radiodensiy in the right lower lung zone and since the left lower lung is  difficult to evaluate, it is unclear if this is a unilateral process.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly.  3.  Multiple pulmonary nodules are better visualized in the prior CT.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.  More focal opacity in the right lung base may reflect  atelectasis, although infection cannot be excluded.
Interval increase in the cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular redistribution.  There are patchy areas of alveolar infiltrate bilaterally compatible with fluid overload.
1. Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  2. Rounded opacity at the right base, present sicne ___, may represent asymmetric  pulmonary edema, but other processes such as pulmonary abscess cannot be excluded.
Unchanged mild pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.
1. New left subclavian line with tip at the cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax.  2. Unchanged cardiomegaly, pulmonary vascular redistribution, ill-defined  vascularity, and retrocardiac opacity compatible with CHF.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Left subclavian central venous line ends in the upper right atrium.  2. Possible mild interstitial edema.  3. Retrocardiac opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.
1. ET tube 2.6 cm above the Carina.  2. Moderate cardiomegaly with fluid overload.  3. Persistent right lower lung opacity which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.
Pulmonary edema.  New region of consolidation above the minor fissure which could  refelct an early infectious process.
Persistent but improved pulmonary edema with right lower lobe opacification  concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Mild pulmonary edema, slightly worse than prior exam.  2.  Subtle nodular opacity in the left suprahilar region is new from ___.  Correlate with clinical symptoms.  3.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
No significant interval change in the degree of pulmonary edema.
Emphysema.  Previously described nodular opacities on CT are not well  demonstrated on the current radiograph.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Patchy opacities in the left lung base, potentially atelectasis but infection or  aspiration cannot be excluded.
1. Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip in the mid SVC.  No  pneumothorax.  2. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, new since the prior study.  3. Persistent bibasilar airspace opacities, likely atelectasis.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and possible mild pulmonary congestion.  Widened appearance of the mediastinum may be technical in nature.
Mild left basilar atelectasis.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  Bibasilar  airspace opacities may reflect compressive atelectasis.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and possible mild  interstitial edema.
Small bilateral effusions with mild interstitial edema.
Stable moderate pleural effusions and mild pulmonary edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild vascular congestion and layering pleural  effusions.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Tiny bilateral pleural effusions, slightly increased from prior exam.
1.  Interval placement of left-sided PICC, which terminates in the low SVC.  2.  Increased perihilar opacities suggesting pulmonary edema.  3.  Left base retrocardiac opacity may be due to combination of pleural effusion and  atelectasis; however, underlying consolidation is not excluded.
1.  Increased lucency at the lung base, particularly outlining the right hemidiaphragm,  likely indicates a residual component of the pneumothorax.  2.  Persistent diffuse bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with metastatic disease.  3.  Interval placement of a chest tube in the upper mediastinum with a location  suggestive of intrafissural placement.
Slight interval increase in size of right-sided pneumothorax.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 3:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  New 16 mm left upper lobe nodule.  3.  Bulging of the aortopulmonary window, new since ___.
Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.
Pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild cardiomegaly. No focal  consolidation.
1.  No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia.  2.  Calcified nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease.  3.  9 mm right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm on the CT ___ ___, though comparison is  limited across these modalities.  Recommend further evaluation with chest CT.
Moderate cardiomegaly without evidence of acute pulmonary process.   PICC line in appropriate position.
Dobhoff tube has been repositioned and now passes below the diaphragm and  crosses the midline, likely within the second portion of the duodenum.
1.  Dobbhoff tube terminates in the esophagus at the level of the clavicles.  2.  Multifocal opacifications, worst in the lung bases, which may represent  atelectasis, though infectious process is consideration, possibly aspiration.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Hyperinflation and flattened diaphragms, consistent with COPD.  3.  Resolved left upper zone opacity.  4.  Stable prominence of a hila suggesting element of pulmonary hypertension.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Endotracheal tube ends approximately 2.5 cm above the carina.  2.  Moderate pulmonary edema, unchanged since the prior study.  3.  Patchy consolidation in the right upper lobe along the mediastinal border is concerning for  pneumonia.
1.  Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  Confluent right basilar opacity worrisome for pneumonia.  3.  Calcified pleural plaques.
Persistent cardiomegaly and prominence of the pulmonary arteries.  No  definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal consolidation suspicious for  pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Opacity at the base of the right lung is not similar in appearance to chest  radiograph on ___ and may represent overlapping structures.  2.  New opacity in the retrocardiac clear space on the left is concerning for pneumonia.  3.  No pneumothorax.
Interval improvement in aeration of the left upper lung with  probable small left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
1.  New diffuse opacities in the left upper lobe and lingula concerning for either a  mass or more confluent consolidation.  2.  Slight elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.  3.  Small left pleural effusion.
Slight interval increase in blunting of the left costophrenic angle  which may relate to combination of effusion and atelectasis, however underlying  consolidation cannot be excluded.
Small left pleural effusion.  Left perihilar opacity compatible with known mass and  parenchymal scarring as seen on ___ CT.
Endotracheal tube terminates at the thoracic inlet.  No pneumothorax.
Dobbhoff tube terminates above the diaphragm.  No pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild left ventricular enlargement.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Low lung volumes with left base atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation.   Minimal blunting of the right costophrenic angle, although no definite  pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Severe rotatory dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic/lumbar spine.  No acute  intrathoracic process.
NG tube appears kinked in the segment that is just 4.5-5 cm upstream from the  side port.  Recommend advancement by at least 5 cm for more optimal positioning.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  NG tube should be advanced by approximately 5 cm to place it  within the stomach.
No significant interval change.  Left basilar atelectasis and trace right pleural  effusion.
Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectasis.
Increased opacity in the left upper lobe likely atelectasis, attention on follow-up  studies needed.
Near complete resolution of pleural effusions.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval placement of a left internal jugular catheter with tip in the  upper SVC.  No pneumothorax.
1.  Unchanged moderate bilateral pleural effusions, larger on the right than on the left.  2.  Resolved pulmonary edema.  3.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Small bilateral pleural effusions are increased in size compared to most recent  prior exam.  No focal consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
ET and NG tubes positioned appropriately.
1.  Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Improving left lower lobe atelectasis.
Feeding tube tip in the distal stomach.  Worsening bibasilar atelectasis or infiltrate.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval removal of two right-sided chest tubes.  No pneumothorax.
Stable postoperative changes in patient with history of cough and  bronchitis.  No evidence of free fluid.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Diffuse predominantly perihilar airspace opacities with slightly nodular appearance,  which are new from prior studies.  Superimposed hilar adenopathy is difficult to  exclude.
Interval decrease in density of the perihilar opacities, which may  represent a combination of pulmonary edema and pneumonia.
Resolution of opacity in the right mid lung.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Right basal opacity suggests atelectasis however infection  should be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.
Stable small right pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis.
Minimal improvement in diffuse ground-glass opacities.  Small bilateral pleural  effusions with predominantly retrocardiac atelectasis.
1.  ETT ends 3 cm from the carina.  2.  Persistent severe pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly.
Unchanged severe pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.
Stable appearance of interstitial edema and small bilateral pleural  effusions with associated atelectasis.
Pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with air  distended bowel beneath.
Mild interstitial edema.
Slight improvement in left lower lobe atelectasis.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Near-complete resolution of small bilateral pleural effusions.  No  pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Left base atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild interstitial abnormality suggesting vascular congestion, but no focal  opacities identified to suggest pneumonia.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiomegaly without signs of pulmonary edema or pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The feeding tube extends below the level of the diaphragms but beyond the field of  view of this radiograph, likely within the distal stomach.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Stable severe cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary edema.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.  Minimal new left basilar atelectasis.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Non visualization of the cortical margin of the right posterior eighth rib fracture raises  possibility of acuity.
New right lower lung opacification concerning for pneumonia.  OG tube appears to be malpositioned proximally  lying in the proximal fundus of the stomach.
NG tube terminates in the proximal stomach and could be advanced by approximately 5-10 cm.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal tube tip 5.4 cm above carina.  Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.
Resolved pulmonary edema.  Unchanged bibasilar atelectasis.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 3:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
1.  Mild pulmonary edema is improved from chest x-ray ___.  2.  Small right pleural effusion.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right lower lobe opacity worrisome for consolidation, possibly due to  pneumonia.  Recommend followup chest radiograph after appropriate therapy and if  finding remains, chest CT is recommended.  2.  Left suprahilar opacity could be a second site of infection or relate to mild  volume overload.  3.  0.9-cm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior right sixth and seventh ribs,  which could relate to consolidation or an underlying pulmonary nodule is
Near-complete resolution of bilateral pleural effusions.  Mild  interstitial edema, improved compared to the prior study.
Slight interval improvement in mild to moderate pulmonary edema and small layering  bilateral pleural effusions.  Bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect  atelectasis.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 4.2 cm above the carina.  2.  Severe pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Tiny right effusion.
Extensive pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than  right.
Widespread interstitial abnormality suggesting mild vascular congestion.  Asymmetric  pattern of pulmonary edema has been seen on prior radiographs such as ___.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Mild cardiomegaly with small left pleural effusion and mild central  pulmonary vascular congestion.  Left base opacity may be due to combination of pleural  effusions and atelectasis, although consolidation is not excluded.
Bibasilar opacities, particularly in the retrocardiac region which are  nonspecific and given low lung volumes could represent atelectasis.
Persistent opacification projecting in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe  along the fissure on the lateral view that is mildly improved since ___.  There is  associated overlying pleural abnormality relating to healing rib fractures.  No new areas of focal  opacities.  Large hiatal hernia.
1.  Heterogeneous opacity in the inferolateral right upper lobe concerning for  pneumonia.  2.  Large hiatal hernia.  3.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures of varying age as well as old left clavicular  fracture.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate pulmonary edema with probable trace bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Since yesterday retrocardiac opacity and small opacity in the right infrahilar  and right lower medial lung is much better, likely atelectasis or aspiration.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Worsening pulmonary edema.  2.  New small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with probable small left pleural effusion and retrocardiac  atelectasis.  Infection cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting.
Vague bibasilar opacities are nonspecific but may represent infection.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right subclavian line with tip in the lower SVC.  No pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Marked increase in perivascular haze, peripheral Kerley B lines and  central edema.  No significant amount of pleural effusion identified in the lateral  pleural sinuses.
Improved aeration of diffuse parenchymal opacities.
1. New right dual-lumen dialysis catheter ends at mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.  2. Interval resolution of small pleural effusions.  3. Increased interstitial markings and pulmonary vascular prominence likely from  cardiac decompensation.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Left lower lung opacity is likely a combination of small  atelectasis and probably a small effusion.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1. Heterogeneous opacities in the right lower lung have continued to grow since  ___.  2. New small, right pleural effusions or pneumothorax.  3. Moderate cardiomegaly, including severe left atrial enlargement is chronic.  4. No pulmonary vascular congestion or edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  NG tube extends inferiorly beyond the diaphragm into the fundus of the stomach.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.  3.  Unchanged loculation of pleural fluid along the left chest wall.
Interval improvement in right upper lobe predominant pulmonary edema  with persistent right middle lobe atelectasis.  Increased small right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Emphysema.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  Slight increased opacity at the right lung base, best seen on the frontal  view may relate to atelectasis, although in the appropriate clinical setting,  infectious process is not excluded.  2.  Hyperinflated lungs suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  3.  No overt pulmonary edema.  4.  Chest radiography is inappropriate for evaluation of pulmonary embolism.
No acute findings in the chest.
1.  New dense right central opacity concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Possible aspiration of contrast-enhanced neo-esophageal/gastric emptying.  3.  Ill-defined peripheral opacities which may be due to other radiopaque fluid, such as fluid,  pus, ___ ___, ___ be filling the airspace in this region.  4.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
Small right pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Right basilar opacity is significantly improved from ___. Mild residual  opacity may be scarring.
Persistent opacification of the right base may be due to a combination of pleural  effusion, atelectasis, and aspiration.  In the proper clinical setting, pneumonia  cannot be excluded.  Stable moderate right pleural effusion.
Emphysema without superimposed acute intrathoracic process.
No evidence of pneumomediastinum.  Small right pleural effusion.
1.  No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.  2.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.  3.  Increased nodular peribronchial opacification, most readily explained by chronic  aspiration.
Interval placement of a right transjugular central venous catheter, distal tip  not well evaluated, appears to extend to the expected location of the mid SVC.   Diffuse opacification of the right hemithorax which maybe due to underlying fluid and  consolidation.  The esophageal stent has migrated projecting over the right apex as compared  to the prior study of ___.
Interval regression of previously described pleural densities in  the right lateral chest wall.  No new abnormalities identified.
Slight increase in right mid lung opacity which could be due to  underlying infection, possibly in the superior right lower lobes.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Right IJ central line tip in the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Mild cardiomegaly with interval improvement in mild interstitial edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsened appearance to the lungs.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings throughout the lungs which may be due to  pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation.
Worsening bilateral parenchymal opacities concerning for multifocal  infection and/or metastases.  Possible trace left pleural effusion.
Large area of consolidation in the right lung base is concerning for  pneumonia.
Interval decrease in previously seen multifocal consolidations bilaterally.  No  definite new focal consolidation.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema. Subtle nodularity in the right lower lung raises  concern for a superimposed pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  ET tube lies approximately 4.6-5.3 cm above the carina.  2.  Increased retrocardiac density consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or  consolidation.  3.  Prominent interstitial markings in both lungs, of uncertain etiology or significance.  4.  Calcific densities in the spleen suggest prior granulomatous disease.
1.  Increased diffuse bilateral lung opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  2.  Stable mild to moderate right and minimal left pleural effusions.  3.  More sclerotic visualized vertebrae which could represent osseous metastases.
Bilateral regions of consolidation concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate  clinical setting.
Right upper lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 2:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly without frank pulmonary edema.
Interval decrease in left upper lobe opacification, likely for reabsorption  of edema component.  Slight increase in right basilar pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild upper zone pulmonary vascular  redistribution is likely chronic without overt pulmonary edema.
Mild bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis in setting of low lung  volumes.  Enlarged pulmonary vessels are slightly larger compared to ___.  Mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette is similar to before.
1. Right IJ line tip overlying distal SVC, new compared with the prior film.  2. Mild cardiomegaly and possible minimal upper zone redistribution.  3. Bibasilar atelectasis.
Interval removal of the left-sided chest tube.  No pneumothorax.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 2:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the  findings.
Pacemaker leads in appropriate position.  No evidence of pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsening left basilar opacity.  Improved pulmonary vascularity.
Enteric tube tip in the mid stomach.  Improved bilateral perihilar, bibasilar opacities.
1. Interval development of diffuse, mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  2. Focal opacity in the right middle lobe may represent an early pnemonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.
Slight prominence of the interstitium which may be due to minimal  interstitial edema.  Possible trace bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right upper lobe pneumonia with small right pleural effusion.  Mild pulmonary  vascular congestion.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  No focal consolidation or pulmonary edema.
Opacity in the right lung base could represent patchy atelectasis, early  pneumonia or aspiration.  Clinical correlation is advised.
Diffuse increased interstitial markings with more confluent  opacities at the lung bases which could be due to atelectasis, although underlying  edema or infection is also suspected.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Persistent pulmonary opacities, vascular engorgement and septal lines  refkect mild pulmonary edema.
No evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area on either left or right side.
Left hilar/perihilar opacity corresponds to patient's known perihilar mass,  better assessed on CT.  Old-appearing rib deformities on the left may relate to prior  fractures, metastatic disease not excluded, although better evaluated on CT as well.  Extensive vascular calcification is seen projecting over the upper hemithorax bilaterally.  No new focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or evidence of pneumothorax is seen.
Interval decrease in size of left upper lobe opacity, likely due to  resolution of hemorrhage.  Persisitent if not increased streaky retrocardiac opacities,  possibly related to aspiration.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Increased density in the left upper lobe projecting over the anterior aspect  of the second rib, improved from ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate cardiomegaly, severe pulmonary artery dilatation and moderate pulmonary  vascular congestion are similar.
New bibasilar opacities concerning for pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Severe vertebral body height loss of a mid thoracic and  lumbar vertebral bodies which based on frontal projection were likely present on ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Right IJ central line terminates in the right atrium.  No pneumothorax.
Right IJ central line terminates in the superior direction junction.    Mild increased cephalization of the pulmonary vessels, which may be partly or wholly due to supine  positioning, making it difficult to evaluate for pulmonary edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1. Mild fullness in the right hila may indicate early developing infection in the  correct clinical setting.  2. Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Right IJ central line terminates in the right atrium.  No pneumothorax.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Mild cardiomegaly.
1. Interval worsening of bibasilar opacities, which may be due to atelectasis or  aspiration.  2. Small bilateral pleural effusions.  3. Right internal jugular central line tip in the right atrium.  4. Mildly displaced trachea compatible with known left sided thyroid nodule.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
New retrocardiac opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate  clinical setting.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Persistent small bilateral pleural effusions.  No evidence of pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  New posteriorly displaced sternal wire fragment at approximately the mid sternal level.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 3:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the  findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, new since ___.  Minimal adjacent  basilar opacities may reflect atelectasis or infection.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Emphysema.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Enteric tube coiled within the stomach.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal tube terminates just above the carina. Recommend retracting at least 3cm for  optimum positioning.  Nasogastric tube ends in the proximal portion of the body of the stomach with  sidehole at the level of the gastroesophageal junction, and recommended further advancement.    Small left pleural effusion with likely compressive atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Dobbhoff tube terminates in the region of the second portion of the duodenum.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 2:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the  findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval worsening of now moderate interstitial pulmonary edema and small  bilateral pleural effusions.
Persistent moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Dobbhoff tube projects over the stomach.  2.  Slight increase in retrocardiac atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Interval improvement in interstitial pulmonary edema with remaining mild  pulmonary vascular congestion.  No new focal opacities concerning for pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free air beneath the right  hemidiaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  New opacity at the right cardiophrenic angle, which may be atelectasis but  could also represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2.  Persistent vague opacity in the right upper lobe, seen on the previous chest CT,  may represent sequelae of prior infection or persistent inflammation.  3.  Decreased size of left lower lobe cavitary lesion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Heterogeneous opacities in the left mid lung and right lung base concerning for  multifocal pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure  resolution.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  2.9 cm rounded opacity in the left mid lung concerning for a cavitary lesion.  Recommend CT of the chest for further  evaluation.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___, N.P. on the telephone on ___ at 3:00 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No significant interval change since the prior radiograph performed yesterday evening.
Diffuse interstitial opacities, not significantly changed from prior.  Thickening along 1 of the major fissures may represent fluid or pleural thickening.  New right chest wall tunneled catheter with distal tip in the right atrium.
Unchanged left basilar opacification, which may represent partial lobar  collapse or fluid trapped within the fissure.  No pneumothorax detected.
Moderate cardiomegaly and volume loss at both bases.  No focal infiltrate
1.  No evidence of fracture or displacement.  2.  Right atrial lead takes an unusual course, directed posteriorly.  While this appears  unchanged from the prior study on the frontal view, an aberrant location should be  considered.  3.  Improving mild pulmonary edema.  4.  Resolved left basilar atelectasis and pleural effusions.
1.  Improved aeration of the lungs.  2.  Persistent retrocardiac opacity in the left lower lobe may be due to atelectasis or  pneumonia.  3.  Stable severe cardiomegaly.
New left lower lobe infiltrate and small effusion.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial edema and small left pleural effusion. Trace  right pleural fluid is difficult to exclude.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.  Left basilar  atelectasis.
Persistent mild pulmonary edema. Retrocardiac opacity may be accentuated by portable  technique, grossly unchanged from prior.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Small left pleural effusion.
1.  Worsening interstitial edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  More confluent opacity in the left lower lobe is concerning for developing  pneumonia.
New heterogeneous opacity in the retrocardiac posterior left lower lobe  suggestive of early infiltrate.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Vague nodular opacity projecting over the right lower lung likely  represents atelectasis, less likely pneumonia.
Multifocal opacities in the right middle, right upper, and bilateral lower lobes are  concerning for pneumonia.
Persistent right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis.  Mild  interstitial edema.
Increased opacity at the right lung base could represent a combination of  atelectasis and effusion, though underlying pneumonia is difficult to exclude in the  correct clinical setting.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
No significant change from recent CT performed ___ with  innumerable metastatic nodularity involving both lungs and large consolidation occupying the  right lower lung.  No new area of confluent opacity to suggest a superimposed  pneumonia, though given the extensive underlying lung disease, a subtle acute  process would be impossible to exclude.
Interval placement of a right internal jugular catheter with the tip likely  within the proximal right atrium.
Interval placement of a right IJ central venous catheter which terminates  projecting over the right atrium.  No pneumothorax.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right internal jugular catheter terminates in the low SVC.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Small bilateral pneumothoraces.  More focal opacity in the left mid lung field is  nonspecific and could reflect atelectasis, although infection cannot be  excluded.  Widened superior mediastinum.
Decreased size of postoperative apical pneumothorax, now barely 1 cm  wide.  No evidence of new pulmonary abnormalities.
No significant interval change.  No focal consolidation concerning for  pneumonia.
Status post right upper lobectomy with no pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
