No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged round calcified pulmonary nodule in the posterior right lung base,  consistent with prior granulomatous disease.  3.  Known enlarged right hilar lymph node and known right mediastinal lymph node  conglomerate accounts for the fullness at the right paratracheal region.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Left PICC tip terminates in the distal left brachiocephalic vein.  2. Bibasilar streaky airspace opacities are minimally improved.  3. Previously noted left pleural effusion appears to have resolved.
Cardiomegaly without definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Hazy opacity in the right lung may represent aspiration, pleural effusion or  hemorrhage.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.
Little interval change when compared to prior study performed 24 hours ago.  Persistent trace pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Streaky opacities at the lung bases  suggestive of atelectasis; however infection cannot be excluded.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Unchanged small right  pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis or consolidation.
No significant interval change in the appearance of the chest.
Hazy veil-like opacity in the right upper lung zone which may be  atelectasis, consolidation or artifact.  Please correlate clinically.
Faint opacification projecting over the left mid lung may represent  developing infectious process.
Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Recommend followup to resolution.
Interval improvement in right lower lobe opacification, which likely  represented fluid overload.  Mild interval improvement in mild biventricular heart failure.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bilateral lower lung bronchiectasis with peribronchial opacities,  improved since ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Little overall change compared with the study of ___.  Extensive bibasilar  bronchiectasis and peribronchial thickening consistent with emphysema.
Moderate right apical pneumothorax has minimally decreased since yesterday.  Opacity at the right lung base which appeared on the yesterdays radiograph is more denser and is likely from an aspiration or atelectasis.  Small right pleural effusion is unchanged.
1.  Stable right pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate left pleural effusion with new pulmonary vascular congestion.  3.  Several radiodense lesions along the left hemithorax that may represent skin  folds.  4.  Slight shift of the mediastinum to the right.
Large right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis and  possible superimposed consolidation in the right lower and right middle lobes.  Small left pleural  effusion.  Rounded density projecting in the retrosternal clear space on the lateral.   This could be due to asymmetric edema; however, underlying mass cannot be  excluded.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
Unchanged bilateral lower lobe and right middle lobe collapse.  Unchanged small left pleural effusion.
Interval enlargement of bilateral pleural effusions, now moderate in  size.  Underlying airspace disease not excluded.
Near complete resolution of moderate right pleural effusion following pigtail catheter  placement.  Unchanged moderate-to-large left pleural fluid with left lower lung atelectasis and  mediastinal shift to the right side.
Mild-to-moderate left pneumothorax with rightward mediastinal shift is  more apparent than on portable chest radiograph at 2:26 p.m.
Chronic interstitial lung disease.  Cardiomegaly.
New left-sided Port-A-Cath is seen entering the left subclavian and terminating  within the right atrium and can be withdrawn 3 cm and still remains within the low  SVC.
Slight interval decrease in degree of pulmonary vascular congestion with  continued substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.  The possibility of  supervening interstitial lung disease is difficult to assess on plain radiograph, but was  apparent on the CT study of ___.
Diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally consistent with  patient's underlying history of chronic interstitial lung disease and likely overlying  pulmonary edema, improved since ___.  No definite focal consolidation.
Interval improvement in mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema and small  bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.  Prominent interstitial lung  markings compatible with known fibrosis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion, new since ___.  Increased opacity at the left lung base is either atelectasis and/or combination of  edema.
Slight interval increase in lucency of one of the more medial opacities.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
New small right pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary disease.
Chronic fibrotic lung disease. No new areas of focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings throughout the lungs  compatible with patient's history of fibrosis.  Overall, these appear slightly worse when  compared to prior.  This could be due to superimposed edema or infection.
1. Extensive bilateral opacities are unchanged from the prior examination and likely  reflect the patient underlying severe interstitial lung disease.  2. Possible increased opacification of the right lower lung, which may represent mild  edema.
Chronic interstitial abnormality with more focal opacities in the left lung  base, left perihilar region, and right upper lobe which are not significantly changed when  compared to the prior exam.
1.  Right PICC terminates in the lower portion of the SVC.  2.  Marked improvement in bilateral pleural effusions and heterogeneous opacities when  compared to the prior study.
1.  Unchanged diffuse interstitial opacities compatible with chronic interstitial lung  disease, previously characterized as UIP or fibrosing NSIP.  2.  No new areas of focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
Severe interstitial lung disease with patchy opacities in the right upper  lung and left mid and lower lung worrisome for pneumonia.
Chronic changes compatible with pulmonary fibrosis without definite acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent opacification of the medial right lower lung.  Small right  pleural effusion.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable chest findings.  No pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes with probable bibasilar atelectasis and trace left pleural  effusion.  Known fracture of the left 11th rib is not clearly delineated on this  exam.
Interval increase in bilateral upper lobe opacities, right  greater than left, concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
1.  Interval improvement in previously noted right upper lobe pneumonia.  2.  Chronic lung disease such as sarcoidosis with mild heart failure.
Endotracheal and orogastric tubes in standard positions.  Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary  vascular congestion and bilateral upper lobe fibrotic changes.  Diffuse gaseous distention of the bowel loops within the upper abdomen.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Streaky opacities in the upper lobes likely reflect residua of  recent pneumonia vs scarring.  No signs of pulmonary edema.
No evidence of acute disease.
Right upper lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
1.  Right upper lobe consolidation with air bronchograms is similar to ___.  2.  Focal tubular lucency within the opacity may reflect cavitation, dilated airways or  spared lung parenchyma.  3.  Opacity in the right lower lobe has progressed since the prior study.  4.  Mild thickening of the left major fissure.
Bilateral upper lung scarring with slight retraction of the  bronchovasculature.  No definite signs of pneumonia.
Persistent left upper lobe, right upper lobe and left lower lobe peribronchial  consolidation.
Subtle opacity in the left lower lobe retrocardiac region is of unclear  etiology.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
New left mid lung and left lower lobe opacities, potentially  atelectasis.  Infection cannot be excluded.  Chronic fibrosis in the right  greater than left upper lobes.
Worsening multifocal pneumonia.  Probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Retrocardiac opacity suspicious for developing left lower lobe pneumonia or  aspiration event in the setting of altered mental status.  Chronic peribronchiolar  opacities seen bilaterally are similar in distribution and slightly more apparent due to  lower lung volumes and AP technique.
Patchy opacity in the right lung base may reflect atelectasis, but infection  cannot be excluded.  Unchanged appearance of the hila and bilateral upper lobe  scarring.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Improving right upper lobe pneumonia.  2.  Increasing density over most of the left lung with a small left-sided  pleural effusion.
Near complete resolution of right upper lung opacity.   Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Multifocal pneumonia.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document  resolution.
No new focal opacities are seen compared to the ___ chest radiograph;  however, right upper lobe consolidation is unchanged and may represent old  pneumonia.
1.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate subpulmonic pleural effusion and new small left layering pleural  effusion.
Increased right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, underlying  infectious process not excluded.
Interval increase in loculated right pleural effusion. Stable small left  effusion
Diffusely increased opacity throughout the right lung, which is in part  related to a chronic loculated effusion however there are new focal opacities throughout the  right lung suspicious for areas of infection.
1.  Persistent moderate layering right pleural effusion.  2.  Improving right basilar nodular opacification.  3.  Increased opacity in the right lower lobe, improved since ___.  4.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
Mild cardiomegaly and mild interstitial abnormality suggesting mild vascular  congestion.  Patchy opacities in the right mid and lower lung suggest a background of  minor scarring or atelectasis.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary congestion.  More confluent right upper lobe and left infrahilar  opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
1.  No acute intrathoracic process.  2.  Unchanged 7 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe.  3.  Emphysema.
1.  Endotracheal tube is positioned 4.1 cm from the level of the carina.    2.  Focal nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring 8 mm, for which further  evaluation with chest CT is recommended.  3.  Right lung airspace opacification with relative sparing of the apex and basilar  left lung opacity, concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  4.  Cardiomegaly.
Mild pulmonary edema, slightly improved in the interval.  Patchy opacities in  the lung bases may reflect areas of atelectasis, but infection particularly in the  left lung base cannot be completely excluded.
Increased pulmonary edema and multifocal consolidations compatible with  multifocal pneumonia.
1.  Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the region of the main pulmonary artery.  2.  Slight interval improvement in moderate-to-severe pulmonary edema.  3.  Stable right upper lobe parenchymal opacity.
No significant change in the airspace opacity at the left mid lung zone.    Persistent pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  Decreased size of right midlung opacity compatible with previously described  septic embolus.  2.  Left mid lung rounded consolidation is more conspicuous than previously seen.   Possible etiologies include developing pneumonia, additional septic effusion or  collection of fissural fluid, though the lateral argues against the latter.  3.  Small left pleural effusion and left greater than right bibasilar atelectasis.  4.
Interval intubation with the tip of the endotracheal tube positioned 3.3 cm  above the carina.  Increasing bibasilar atelectasis.
No significant interval change when compared to the prior study.  Persistent  rounded bilateral mid lung opacities likely reflect consolidative infectious  process given history of septic emboli.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Difficult to exclude mild congestion in the correct  clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.  Hyperinflation consistent with background COPD.
Bibasilar opacities with blunting of the costophrenic angles could be due to  effusions.  Pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Ill-defined opacity in the left upper lobe is concerning for pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this  finding.
Previously seen left lower lobe opacity has resolved on the frontal  view but may persist on lateral view obscuring the posterior costophrenic angle,  which could represent a component of residual infection and/or atelectasis.
Subtle opacity in the right lower lobe is concerning for early pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Small focal opacity projecting over the lateral right lower hemithorax, may  represent overlapping structures, but further evaluation with shallow obliques is  recommended to assess for possible pulmonary nodule.
Increased opacification in the left lung base with obscuration of the left  hemidiaphragm when compared to ___.  Findings could be due to atelectasis,  aspiration or pneumonia.  Emphysema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Severe emphysema.
Emphysema.  Otherwise unremarkable.
Emphysema with increased interstitial markings at the left lung base  compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and basilar  atelectasis.
Interval decrease in size of small right pleural effusion with minimal  atelectasis in the right lung.
Moderate right pleural effusion, similar in size from the previous study.
1.  Endotracheal tube approximately 7 cm from the carina and at the level of the  clavicular head is in proper position.  2.  Resolved pulmonary edema.  3.  Mild bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Emphysema.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Emphysema.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  Otherwise unremarkable.
Interval resolution of pulmonary edema and possible right lower lobe  consolidation.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary congestion.
Mild cardiomegaly.  Otherwise unremarkable.
Stable mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
New pulmonary and mediastinal vascular congestion, perihilar haziness and  chronic moderate cardiomegaly. New right infrahilar consolidation could be  regional edema or concurrent pneumonia.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Large rounded opacity in the left lower lung, compatible with known  left lung mass, better visualized on the ___ PET-CT. No focal opacification  concerning for pneumonia. Coarse linear interstitial markings in left upper lobe may  reflect emphysema.
Right Port-A-Cath catheter terminates in the lower SVC.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Port-A-Cath positioned appropriately.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with perihilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No significant interval change from ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with right base atelectasis and increased retrocardiac opacity  concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly and bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Persistent patchy opacification in the left lower lobe, which appears  somewhat more dense and compressed than on the most recent prior examination.   This could be due to differences in lung volumes, however, with no definite  evidence of acute disease.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with patchy bibasilar airspace opacities most likely reflecting  atelectasis.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No significant interval change.  Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar  atelectasis.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild basilar atelectasis.  Calcified ovoid structure projecting over the  mediastinum likely a calcified lymph node.
No acute intrathoracic process.  No subdiaphragmatic free air.
Small left pleural effusion.  Retrocardiac opacity, more conspicuous from  prior exam, which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the correct clinical  setting.
Persistence of right middle lobe opacities since ___ is  concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Extensive pneumomediastinum with subcutaneous emphysema.  2.  Asymmetrically distributed heterogeneous opacities in the right mid and lower lobe could  reflect asymmetrical edema, aspiration, or hemorrhage in the post procedural setting.  3.  Small bilateral pneumothoraces.
Interval placement of a nasogastric tube which courses below the diaphragm with  the tip not identified.  The patient is status post median sternotomy with stable  cardiac and mediastinal contours.  Lungs are well inflated without evidence of focal airspace  consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.
Interval removal of chest tube without evidence of pneumothorax.  Persistent right  loculated pleural effusion.
1.  Worsening loculated right pleural effusion.  2.  Increased hazy opacification of the right hemithorax, mainly due to the  oblique positioning of the patient.  3.  Mild vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval placement of a nasogastric tube which courses below the diaphragm with  the tip not identified.  The patient is status post median sternotomy with stable  cardiac and mediastinal contours.  Lungs are well inflated without evidence of focal airspace  consolidation to suggest pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.
Increased opacity at the right mid to lower lung concerning for pneumonia  with possible small left pleural effusion.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of acute pulmonary  congestion or free pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary edema with slight improvement compared to ___.
1.  Diffuse interstitial abnormality, with a perihilar predominance, suggestive of  mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Near complete resolution of previously seen mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  No  focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and  moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Endotracheal and enteric tubes in appropriate position.  Moderate  cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval removal of ETT and chest tube.  No pneumothorax.
Since ___, left lower lung atelectasis, mild-to-moderate pleural  effusion and mild right pleural effusion have improved.
Enlarged opacity abutting the right mediastinum is the patient's known dilated  esophagus.  Opacities at the left lung base are either atelectasis, likely due to  low lung volumes versus aspiration in the right clinical context.
Resolution of previously seen widespread opacities and pleural effusions.   Patchy opacity in the right infrahilar region suggestive of minor atelectasis/scarring.
No significant interval change in dilated distal esophagus with  ingested debris.
Nasogastric catheter courses through the dilated esophagus, consistent with achalasia,  and appears to terminate in the posterior costophrenic sulcus.
Persistent opacification of the right lower lung field, likely due to a  combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis.
Markedly elevated right hemidiaphragm with adjacent compressive  atelectasis or consolidation.  Possible small right pleural effusion.
Unchanged loculated right basilar pneumothorax.
Persistent partially collapsed right lung with increased density at the  inferior border of the lung, consistent with pleural effusion versus pleural thickening.   Persistent hydropneumothorax with an air-fluid level.
1.  No pneumothorax or frank edema.  2.  Increased globular and enlarged heart, more pronounced as compared to ___, morphology suggestive of  pericardial effusion.  3.  Plate-like atelectasis in the left base with associated pleural effusion, decreased since  preceding exam.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New left hilar mass and new left pleural effusion.  Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly, slightly  worsened compared with prior exam of ___.
Multiple pulmonary metastases.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Unchanged asymmetric right greater than left pulmonary edema and moderate  pleural effusion.
Interval increase in bibasilar airspace opacity, right greater than left,  concerning for right lower lobe pneumonia.  Increased small-moderate right greater  than left pleural effusions.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates no less than 3.4 cm above the carina.  2.  Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Persistent left retrocardiac opacity.
Tiny right pleural effusion.  No acute cardiothoracic process.
Small right pleural effusion is stable to slightly increased compared to prior and  tracks into the fissures.  Opacity in the right mid to lower lung field is new  compared to ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Severe cardiomegaly with interstitial and alveolar edema and small bilateral pleural  effusions.  More confluent opacity in the right middle lobe could represent pneumonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.
Moderate cardiomegaly with moderate pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema and trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis or infection in the correct clinical setting.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute findings in the chest.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis has decreased since  ___.  No new lung opacities of concern for pneumonia.
Interval worsening of now mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema and small- to-moderate  bilateral layering pleural effusions with associated bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild cardiomegaly with minimal interstitial edema.
Patchy left basilar opacity, worrisome for pneumonia.
Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Persistent right mid lung  hazy opacification, possibly due to consolidation.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  Increasing opacification at the right base, which is most likely due to  aspiration, given the acute change.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly without definite pulmonary edema.
Mild cardiomegaly.  Otherwise unremarkable.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and probable small bilateral pleural effusions.   Streaky bibasilar opacities likely reflect a combination of atelectasis with  chronic fibrotic changes, more so in the right lung base.
Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
Severe cardiomegaly with increased interstitial prominence, but no overt  pulmonary edema.
1.  Interval improvement of previously mild interstitial edema.  2.  Stable massive cardiomegaly.  3.  Streaky retrocardiac opacities may be a combination of chronic changes and  subsegmental atelectasis.  4.  Likely small left pleural effusion.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Interval improvement in pulmonary edema with minimal residual edema.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, slightly larger on the left than on the right.  3.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Persistent blunting of the right  costophrenic angle, potentially due to pleural thickening in the setting of  multiple prior healed right rib fractures.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Multiple right rib  deformities.
Previously seen left juxtahilar opacity has decreased in size and  persists since the prior study.  Prominence of the right hilum may relate to  patient positioning, although underlying increased lymphadenopathy cannot be excluded.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Multiple pulmonary nodules, better delineated on recent CT.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of acute infiltrates or pleural  effusions in patient with history of congestive heart failure.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
Left retrocardiac opacity and a small left-sided pleural effusion.  PICC line has migrated slightly more proximally with the distal lead  now in the proximal SVC.
Interval removal of a right-sided PICC line.  Interval resolution of  bilateral pleural effusions.
Stable right lower lobe opacity consistent with small to moderate pleural  effusion.  Improved asymmetric edema on the left.
New consolidation at the right base is concerning for pneumonia, aspiration, or  less likely infarction.  Stable small bilateral pleural effusions.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.
New endotracheal tube terminates no less than 2.5 cm above the carina.   Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Right PICC terminates in the proximal right atrium, which should be retracted 2 cm  to place in the low SVC.  2. Mild right basilar atelectasis.
New right upper and lower lobe opacities, with indistinctness of the pulmonary vessels,  suggesting pulmonary edema. However, concurrent pneumonia cannot be excluded, in the correct  clinical setting.
Small left pleural effusion.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary vascular congestion and left  retrocardiac atelectasis.  No new areas of consolidation to suggest an acute  pneumonia.
Stable moderate cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and  bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Diffuse increased interstitial markings  compatible with the patient's known history of lymphangiomyomatosis.
Known lymphangiomyomatosis with cystic lung disease.  No signs of pneumonia or edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Diffuse interstitial abnormality with small nodules not significantly changed.
Diffuse interstitial abnormality, which may be due to chronic  interstitial lung disease.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings bilaterally, compatible  with known lymphangioleiomyomatosis.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable marked cardiomegaly.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No change in left pleural effusion.  More superior posterior  appciyt may represent debris or clot.
Complete collapse of the left lung with hyperexpansion of the right lung and  marked shift of the mediastinum and trachea to the left.
Interval decrease in left pleural effusion.  No pneumothorax.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Extensive right hilar mass with radiation fibrosis, better delineated on  CT ___.  An additional component of postobstructive pneumonia may be  present.  New left pleural effusion and left plueral thickening.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Left-sided pacer defibrillator with leads through the left transvenous  approach is seen to end in the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No pneumothorax.
Left perihilar pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Interval worsening of left lung opacification, likely due to a large  left pleural effusion in the setting of lobectomy versus less likely left lung  collapse.
Interval increase in opacification of the left chest with interval  increase in left hemidiaphragmatic elevation likely due to phrenic nerve paralysis.
Known left hilar mass.  No acute intrathoracic process.
Interval increase in nodular pleural thickening and central adenopathy in the left  hilus and adjacent mediastinum since ___.  Findings are concerning for metastatic disease.    NOTIFICATION:  The above findings were communicated via telephone by Dr. ___ to Dr.  ___ on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery.
Increased opacity at the right base which may be due to infectious  process or aspiration.  Chronic moderate-sized left pleural effusion.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.
Moderate right pleural effusion with mild right basilar atelectasis.  Severe  cardiomegaly.
Improved vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis and possible small right  pleural effusion.  Gaseous distention of the stomach and possibly the colon.
Interval decrease in size of right pleural effusion with improved  aeration of the right lung base. Persistent retrocardiac opacity corresponds to  atelectasis and probable left pleural fluid. Moderate pulmonary edema.
1. New lucency beneath the right hemidiaphragm concerning for intra-abdominal free air.  2. Bibasilar consolidations may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate  clinical setting.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter has been pulled back  now terminating in the mid SVC.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Appropriately positioned lines and tubes.  2.  Minimal plate-like atelectasis in the superior portions of the bilateral lower  lobes.
New small right pleural effusion with fluid within the fissure.  Opacity at the right base is similar as on prior  radiographs and may represent atelectasis; however, infection cannot be excluded.
1.  Persistent small right apical and basal pneumothorax.  2.  Decreased right pleural effusion with Pleurx catheter in place.
Large right hydropneumothorax with a moderate amount of fluid.  Hazy opacities involving the right middle and lower lobes more likely represent hemorrhage or infectious process rather than reexpansion edema.
Substantial increase in the right pleural effusion that is partly subpulmonic.
Unchanged large right hydropneumothorax without evidence of tension.  Slightly improved aeration of the right middle and lower lobes.
Increased opacity in the left lower lung concerning for worsening  effusion and consolidation.  Extensive metastatic disease.
Extensive metastatic disease in the chest with loculated left  pleural effusion.  Please note evaluation for subtle differences would be  limited due to extensive underlying metastasis.
Interval decrease in size of the left pleural effusion, which is now moderate in  severity.  Persistent bilateral consolidations consistent with known metastatic  disease.
Persistent large left perihilar mid-to-lower lung opacity  compatible with innumerable pulmonary nodules, although superimposed infection  cannot be excluded.  Small left pleural effusion.  Nodular opacities in the right lung to a  lesser extent than on the right are again seen.
1.  Persistent patchy opacification in the left mid and lower lung fields, unchanged  from the prior exam.  2.  Improved right lower lung aeration with resolution of the previously seen opacity.  3.  Multiple small nodules consistent with the patient's known history of metastatic renal  cell carcinoma.
Left-sided chest tube with tip projecting over the left lung apex.  No  discrete pleural line identified based on this supine film.
Interval placement of left-sided chest tube with overlying  subcutaneous gas.  Otherwise, no change.
Small right pleural effusion, similar to the exam 10 hours prior.   Small right base atelectasis.
No significant change.  No evidence of pneumothorax.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Unchanged small right-sided pleural effusion.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Moderate to large right-sided pleural effusion with collapse of the right  lower lobe and right middle lobe.  There is also some consolidation at the base of the  right upper lobe which could be due to compressive atelectasis.
Bilateral pleural effusions with subjacent consolidation which could  represent compressive atelectasis versus pneumonia.
Persistent bilateral small to moderate pleural effusions with  marked cardiomegaly and mild to moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.
Left retrocardiac opacity compatible with pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.  Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsening bilateral pleural effusions and associated atelectasis, greater on the  right.  Worsening pulmonary vascular congestion.
New mild pulmonary edema.  New large bibasilar opacities consistent with  atelectasis.  Unchanged bilateral pleural effusions.
Increasing pleural effusion and pulmonary congestion in comparison with  previous portable chest examination of ___.  No pneumothorax.
Moderate pulmonary edema has progressed since yesterday.
Interval improvement in mild-to-moderately severe pulmonary edema.  Unchanged moderate right and small left pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right internal jugular dialysis catheter terminates within the right atrium.  2.  Chronic subclincal pulmonary edema without evidence for acute volume overload.
Stable severe cardiomegaly.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Severe cardiomegaly. Area of increase density overlying the right hilum with a  sharp lower margin is of unclear clinical significance. Recommend repeat chest  radiograph in ___ weeks to assess for resolution.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, increased compared to radiographs from  ___.  Unchanged small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 2.8 cm above the carina.  2.  Worsening bibasilar opacities could reflect atelectasis or an aspiration event.  3.  Small left pleural effusion.
Endotracheal tube terminates 2 cm above the carina.  Right internal jugular catheter  terminates in the mid SVC.  Stable right upper lung opacities suspicious for pneumonia.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumothorax in the  apical areas on either side.
Right upper lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___, N.P. on the telephone on  ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.
The tip of an endotracheal tube is 4.7 cm from the carina.  Stable  moderate cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion.
1.  Endotracheal tube in standard position.  2.  Unchanged left basilar atelectasis and small pleural effusion.
Stable right apical opacity concerning for either nodule or infection.
Stable chest findings, no significant interval change.
Bilateral pleural effusions, which may be at least partially loculated.   Right upper lobe/suprahilar opacity underlying fiducial seed has increased since the  prior study, raising concern for progression of malignancy.
1.  Stable appearance of the chest with a right upper lobe mass with a fiducial  marker in place as well as a right perihilar mass consistent with the patient's known  malignancy.  2.  Unchanged small right and moderate left pleural effusions.  3.  Persistent left lower lobe atelectasis or consolidation.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Interval placement of a right subclavian approach central venous  catheter with tip in the lower SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and left pleural effusion with  loculation posteriorly.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
Stable chest findings.  Subdiaphragmatic air which was not  seen on the preceding examination.  Telephone contact with referring physician, ___, explained this finding as the patient is daily abdominal dialysis.
New patchy opacity in the left lower lobe, which may be representative of  developing pneumonia.  Stable loculated small left and small right pleural  effusions.
1.  Increased perihilar streaky opacities, which suggests pulmonary edema.  2.  Right suprahilar pulmonary mass, better correlated on cross-sectional imaging.
Interval increase in severe pulmonary edema status post extubation.   Complete obscuration of the costophrenic angles suggestive of bilateral pleural  effusions.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Persistent right pleural  effusion.
No significant interval change in diffuse infiltrative and interstitial  opacities since ___.
1.  Interval decrease in pulmonary edema.  2.  Endotracheal tube is no less than 6.2 cm from the carina, could be advanced 2 cm for  optimal placement.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence for free intraperitoneal air.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions seen only on the lateral view have  decreased since ___.
Small-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Mild interstitial edema or atypical infection.
Possible enlarging right pleural effusion with possible underlying  parenchymal abnormality.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
1.  Large subpulmonic right pleural effusion with improved aeration of the right lung.  2.  Persistent opacity in the right upper mediastinum consistent with known malignancy.  3.  Slight interval increase in left lower lobe collapse.
Unchanged moderate to large right pleural effusion and small left pleural  effusion.  Unchanged right basilar opacification, which may reflect atelectasis or  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Unchanged post-treatment appearance of the  right hemithorax.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.  Recommend followup to resolution.
New small bilateral pleural effusions.  Otherwise, no  significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New moderate-to-large right pleural effusion with extensive  coinciding parenchymal atelectasis, substantially increased since the prior  studies.  Mild interstitial abnormality in each lung suggests mild fluid  overload.  Persistent patchy left basilar opacity, but with general improvement in  aeration of the left lower lobe and resolution of a small left-sided pleural  effusion.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged postsurgical changes of a right upper lobectomy and right upper rib  resection.
Interval improvement of right pleural effusion.  No new focal consolidations.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema.
1.  Ill-defined opacity in the retrocardiac region overlying the lower spine is  concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Bilateral prominent pulmonary arteries raise the concern for pulmonary artery  hypertension.  3.  Findings consistent with chronic pulmonary disease.
Resolution of left lower lobe pneumonia.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Findings concerning for pneumonia in the right upper lobe.  Recommend followup to resolution.
Decreased right mid to upper lung opacity.  No new consolidations.
New right upper lobe pneumonia and ill-defined nodular opacity in the right upper lung field  concerning for pneumonia.  New mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of these findings.
Stable chest findings.  No evidence of new cavitation, loculated  pneumothorax or other new parenchymal abnormalities.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of cardiac enlargement or  congestive heart failure.  No pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval placement of a right pleural pigtail catheter with interval decrease in  size of a small right effusion.  Persistent right basilar atelectasis.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumothorax.
Interval increase in size of the soft tissue collection of air within the right  hemithorax.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after  discovery of the findings.
Small right pleural effusion with chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.   Right basilar atelectasis.
Stable chest findings.  No new parenchymal infiltrates or  pneumothorax.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval resolution of previously seen left perihilar  consolidation and bilateral pleural effusions.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary  process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Possible minimal left basilar linear atelectasis/scarring.  Otherwise,  no acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Known left upper lobe mass is not clearly  identified.
Previously noted left upper lobe mass appears more vague with surrounding ill-defined  opacity, possibly related to infection.  New lingular opacity could reflect an area of  infection.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Previously described left upper lobe mass is not seen on this radiograph.
Severe cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly worse in the  interval.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Cardiomegaly with superimposed interstitial edema.
Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema.  Vague increased opacity at the left costophrenic  angle may reflect atelectasis versus a small pleural effusion.  No evidence of pneumoperitoneum.
1.  Right tunneled internal jugular central venous catheter ends in the mid-to-low SVC.  2.  Moderate cardiomegaly with subsegmental bilateral lower lung atelectasis.
1.  ET tube terminates 3.9 cm above the carina.  2.  Slight interval worsening of bibasilar atelectasis and moderate bilateral pleural  effusions, left greater than right.
Mild pulmonary edema, unchanged.  Bibasilar opacities may reflect  atelectasis or infection in the correct clinical setting.
1. Endotracheal and orogastric tubes in standard positions.  2. Worsening mild pulmonary edema with probable layering left pleural effusion.  3. Persistent bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect atelectasis, aspiration or infection.
Mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Persistent cardiomegaly with increased interstitial markings which may be  due to edema, although superimposed infection cannot be excluded.
1.  Right IJ catheter with tip in the mid to low SVC.  2.  Increased vascular congestion since prior imaging.
1.  Severe cardiomegaly, increased since ___.  2.  Right heart decompensation.  3.  Possible small left pleural effusion.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Interval increase in bilateral moderate pulmonary edema with interstitial  thickening and perihilar vascular congestion compared to the prior exam from ___.   Possible small bilateral pleural effusions.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Severe cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.  Possible small nodule in the right mid lung zone could be evaluated electively with chest CT if indicated.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary parenchymal  infiltrates.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. Moderate cardiomegaly.
Severe cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Bibasilar airspace  opacities could reflect atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.
Limited exam due to underpenetration.  Persistent mild interstitial edema and  cardiomegaly.
Left basilar opacity concerning for pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
Retrocardiac opacity with subtle air bronchograms could reflect left lower lobe  pneumonia.  Stable marked cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable diffusely enlarged cardiomediastinal  silhouette.
Severe cardiomegaly with small left greater than right pleural  effusions.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and new small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Subtle increased interstitial markings in the left mid lung zone, with possible mild  peribronchial thickening. No lobar consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial abnormality suggestive of slight fluid overload.  No focal  consolidation.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Unchanged diffuse interstitial markings compatible with known chronic  interstitial lung disease.
As above.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Chronic interstitial fibrosis without superimposed pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate to severe pulmonary edema.
1.  Diffuse interstitial opacities have progressed since ___.  2.  New small left pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Interval increase in pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild bilateral  interstitial edema.  Subtle increase in bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema with tiny right pleural effusion.
Diffuse bilateral interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease,  unchanged since ___. No new areas of focal consolidation.
Diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally consistent with chronic  interstitial lung disease. No new areas of focal consolidation.
Chronic interstitial lung disease without new focal consolidation.
Mild interstitial edema has improved since ___.  Left humeral head appears inferiorly subluxed with respect to the glenoid however is not visualized adequately on this film and may be positional.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval increase in moderate pulmonary vascular congestion and diffuse  bilateral interstitial lung markings as well as peribronchiolar cuffing concerning for  pulmonary edema.
No significant interval change.  Persistent interstitial pulmonary edema.
Stable diffuse prominence of the interstitial markings. No focal  consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Diffuse reticular nodular pattern throughout both lungs  concerning for mild pulmonary edema, underlying interstitial lung disease not  excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Chronic interstitial lung disease.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality identified.
Chronic interstitial disease without definite superimposed acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality. Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1. Chronic diffuse interstitial abnormality, as seen on the CT from ___.  2. Unchanged widening of the superior mediastinum is due to both mediastinal lipomatosis and  tortuous vessels.  3. Small unchanged right-sided Morgagni hernia.
Bilateral interstitial opacities likely represent interstitial edema.  No new focal  consolidation.
Mildly hypoinflated lungs with bilateral perihilar reticular interstitial opacities  consistent with vascular crowding and prominence of interstitial markings bilaterally,  similar to previous examination and characterized as interstitial lung disease on CT  chest dated ___. No new focal opacity.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
Trace left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate interstitial edema.  Cardiomegaly.
Trace left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary  abnormality.
Continued improvement in pulmonary edema.  Unchanged moderate bilateral  effusions.
Increasing left hemithorax opacity consistent with edema or developing  consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Increased apparent lucency demonstrated in the left aspect of the aortic knob,  that though may be projectional, pneumomediastinum cannot be excluded.  2.  Improving bibasilar atelectasis and pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Marked cardiomegaly with moderate pulmonary edema, likely with both  interstitial and alveolar components.
Mild interstitial edema.
Marked cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right middle lobe and lingular pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of these findings.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Mild interval decrease of a still moderate right pleural effusion with  increased opacification involving the right mid lung zone, likely atelectasis and  effusion.  No new focally occurring opacities concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Moderate right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, underlying  consolidation cannot be excluded.  2.  Streaky and fibrotic opacities in the right lung involving the upper, mid and  lower lung fields, most noted in the left mid lung field, also seen on the  prior study.  3.  Large area of right mid-to-lower lung opacity, better assessed on prior CT from  ___.
Stable moderate layering right pleural effusion since ___.  No evidence of  pneumonia.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval development of small bilateral pleural effusions. Underlying  consolidation is not excluded. Dilated fluid-filled esophagus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.
Findings suggesting mild congestive heart failure with small to moderate  bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute findings in the chest.
Increased density in the retrocardiac area, which could represent  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
New asymmetric perihilar opacification of the right mid lung, which may  reflect a combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis, although an area of  infection is not excluded.  Followup radiographs after diuresis are  recommended to assess for resolution.    NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the
Mild-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions with overlying  atelectasis.  Mild interstitial edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.  9 mm lung nodule projecting over the right  anterior second rib interspace, for which further evaluation with chest CT is recommended.
Increased pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.
Slight improvement of underlying pulmonary edema compared to ___.  Persistent small left pleural effusion.
Interval increase in interstitial opacities which could be due to  combination of lower lung volumes and technique however superimposed component of  interstitial edema is suspected.
Stable mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.
Interval improvement in the degree of pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema and moderate left pleural effusion.
1.  No pneumothorax following chest tube removal.  2.  Worsening pulmonary vascular congestion with increasing predominantly interstitial edema.
Persistent retrocardiac opacity likely reflecting combination of effusion and  atelectasis/consolidation.  Stable mild pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema. Hazy opacities in the left upper lung and right lung base  could reflect atelectasis or focal edema, although cannot exclude pneumonia or  aspiration in the right clinical setting.
Slight interval improvement in extent of interstitial pulmonary edema.
Interval development of moderate alveolar and interstitial pulmonary edema.
Moderate left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, left base  consolidation not excluded.  Persistent pulmonary edema, possibly asymmetric on the  left.
1. Small, bilateral pleural effusions with associated bibasilar atelectasis.  2. Mild vascular congestion consistent with fluid overload.
Diffuse right greater than left opacities have progressed compared to prior study in the  background of emphysema.
Right mid and lower lung opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  Probable small-to-moderate right  pleural effusion.  Rounded lucencies projecting over the right hemithorax are suggestive of cavities or abscess formation.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of these findings.
Little overall change.  Widespread airspace opacities, more prominent on the right,  consistent with diffuse pneumonia.
Interval improvement in ground-glass opacification in the right lower  and middle lobes, which may represent resolving pneumonia or atelectasis.
Top normal to mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette without overt  pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Worsening T8 vertebral compression fractures.  2.  Low lung volumes with probable bibasilar atelectasis.
Slightly increased opacity at the right base may represent atelectasis; however  developing pneumonia cannot be excluded.
Interval placement of a nasogastric tube with its side port below the GE  junction.
Newly placed NG tube terminates at the level of the diaphragmatic hiatus.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Nasogastric tube terminates in the upper esophagus.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent reticular opacities projecting over the left lower lung, but  markedly improved since the prior radiographs.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent, stable bilateral upper lung reticular nodular opacities consistent  with history of sarcoidosis.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Streaky linear opacities in the mid-to-upper lungs suggestive of  scarring/fibrosis.  Otherwise unremarkable.
Stable bilateral linear opacities in the upper lungs with suggestion of  local fibrosis.  No evidence of new micronodules.
Interval decrease in the size of the cardiac silhouette which is now normal.  Stable  enlargement of the bilateral hila.
Stable mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Interval increase in pulmonary vascular congestion without frank  interstitial edema.  Small right-sided pleural effusion.
Resolution of left lower lobe opacity.  Recommend non-emergent CT of the  chest to ensure resolution of previously detected lingular opacity and multiple  additional lung nodules described in detail on prior CT chest.
Left-sided dual lumen subclavian central venous catheter tip within the proximal right  atrium, coursing through a vascular stent within the left brachiocephalic vein and  superior vena cava.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Stable moderate to severe cardiomegaly with a small right pleural  effusion.
Possible small right pleural effusion.  Otherwise unremarkable.
Minimal bibasilar atelectasis with possible trace bilateral pleural  effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable position of dual-channel  central venous catheter with tip in the upper right atrium.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No significant interval change when compared to the prior study from ___.  Subtle prominence of perihilar vasculature may be due to mild vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Subtle opacities throughout both lungs, most notable at the base of the  right lung obscuring the right heart border, are suggestive of multifocal infection.   An area of focal opacity projected over the left mid lung could represent an additional  area of consolidation.  In addition, there is increased vascular congestion, that should be  re-assessed after diuresis.
Vague opacity projecting over the right mid/lower lung which could represent  pneumonia in the proper clinical setting. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary  process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  New patchy airspace opacities in the bilateral lung bases, concerning for  aspiration.  2.  Chronic right apical pleural thickening and triangular peripheral  interstital opacification consistent with chronic scarring related to radiation  treatment.  3.  Unchanged 8 mm nodular opacity within the right lower lobe.  4.  Stable chronic right pleural effusion.
1.  Persistent ill-defined opacity in the right upper lobe, which has changed  configuration slightly compared to ___.  2.  Stable small right effusion or pleural thickening.
1.  No evidence of active intrathoracic infection.  2.  Persistent blunting of the right posterior pleural sulcus could be due to scarring or a  small chronic pleural effusion.  3.  Mild pulmonary hyperinflation reflects emphysema.
New right lower lobe aspiration pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Patchy ill-defined opacities involving the right mid and lower lung fields as well  as to a lesser extent within the left lung base concerning for aspiration pneumonia.   Small bilateral pleural effusions, new in the interval.
1. New heterogenous parenchymal opacities involving the right upper lobe and right  lower lobe, compatible with patient's recent history of aspiration.  2. Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.  No focal consolidation.
Mild blunting of the right CP angle could reflect a tiny effusion or  pleural thickening. Otherwise unremarkable.
1.  Increased vague opacity in the right mid lung superimposed on a  site of bony coalition may represent recurrent pneumonia.  2.  Known gastric pull-through for esophageal cancer is not distended.  3.  Unchanged right lower lobe nodule.
Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.  Probable small left  pleural effusion.  Right neo esophagus.
No significant interval change when compared to the prior study.
Near resolution of right lower lobe pneumonia with only mild residual  peribronchiolar opacification remaining in the right infrahilar area.
Resolution of heterogeneous lung opacities in the right lung.  No new areas of  consolidation identified.
1.  Interstitial opacities within the right upper lobe are thought to represent  recurrent pneumonia.  2.  Right lower lobe nodule is unchanged in size through ___.  3.  Persistent small right pleural effusion.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Increased opacity in the right lung, particularly projecting over the base,  potentially due to combination of effusion and atelectasis.  However, superimposed  infection or aspiration cannot be excluded.  Subtle opacity at the left lung base may also be  present.
Worsening opacification within the right upper lobe is concerning for recurrent  pneumonia or aspiration.  Chronic scarring within the medial aspect of the right  upper lobe compatible with post radiation changes.  Unchanged 8 mm nodular opacity within the  right lower lobe.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild bibasilar atelectasis with chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and  small subpulmonic effusion.
Small right pleural effusion, slightly larger than on ___.  Elevation of the right lung base has been increasing slowly over the past ___ years.
Trace right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute  intrathoracic process.
New right lung base opacity compatible with at least some  component of pleural effusion with probable underlying airspace disease.
Minimal right pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Emphysema.
Trace right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.  Otherwise, no  significant interval change.
Left central venous catheter terminates in the lower SVC.  No evidence of  pneumothorax.
Decreased though persistent right hydropneumothorax with interval incomplete  reexpansion of the right lung.
Interval decrease in large right pleural effusion following thoracocentesis and  pigtail catheter placement.  Persistent collapse of the right lower lobe and  possibly at least partial left upper lobe.  An ill-defined opacity in the left suprahilar  region which was new on ___ radiograph is likely an aspiration pneumonia.  Mild  mediastinal shift to the left side still persists, but better since yesterday.
Interval enlargement of the right-sided pleural effusion with  interval decrease in size of the previously seen right pneumothorax.
Stable chest findings, no significant interval change.
Unchanged large right hydropneumothorax status post pigtail catheter placement.  Mild pulmonary edema.
Interval improvement in aeration of the lungs with persistence of a  right basilar loculated hydropneumothorax.
Interval resolution of the right pneumothorax with continued increase in  the right pleural effusion.
1. OG feeding tube coiled within the stomach with the tip pointing towards the fundus.  2. Stable moderate loculated right pleural effusion and left mid and lower lung  opacities.
Findings suggesting mild congestion.  No evidence of acute disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis. Mild cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Unchanged chronic elevation of right  hemidiaphragm.
Mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement without focal consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Improved vascular congestion.  Hiatal hernia.
Retrocardiac opacification could be due to atelectasis, although an infectious  process cannot be excluded.  Pulmonary vascular congestion without evidence of  interstitial pulmonary edema.  Possible small left pleural effusion.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Diffuse interstitial opacities, predominantly in the right lung base and  probably very mild in the left lung base, concerning for multifocal pneumonia or  asymmetric pulmonary edema.  In view of history, a possibility of lymphangitic  carcinomatosis also needs to be ruled out.
Increased density of opacification in the right lower hemithorax concerning for  developing infection.  Considerations include atypical infection, though asymmetric  pulmonary edema is possible.  Given history of lung malignancy, lymphangitic  carcinomatosis is also a consideration.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
New right IJ line ends in the lower SVC/cavoatrial junction.
1.  No change in degree of pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged left lower lobe ateleftasis or pneumonia.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema, worse in the interval. Bibasilar atelectasis and  minimal right pleural effusion.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Increased opacity projecting over the right lung base raises concern for  underlying consolidation.  Dedicated PA and lateral views would be helpful for further evaluation.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
ET tube in appropriate position.  Mild pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and mild cardiomegaly.  No focal  consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air.
Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with left basilar atelectasis.  No focal opacity  identified on concurrent CT.
1.  Retrocardiac opacity without clear correlate on the frontal view, which was  also present on prior radiographs.    2.  Previously noted left lower lung opacity is less conspicuous on this  repeat study, and was likely artifactual due to rightward rotation.
Endotracheal tube is low, 2 cm above the carina.  This could be  pulled back 2 to 3 cm for more optimal placement.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Limited study secondary to positioning.  Persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and  pulmonary vascular congestion.  Linear atelectasis in the left lower lobe.
Patchy opacity at the left lung base could be due to infection or  aspiration.  Dedicated PA and lateral views if and when patient able, would be  helpful for further evaluation.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is improved.
Pulmonary vascular congestion without definite focal consolidation.
Left lower lobe pneumonia versus atelectasis.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1. Endotracheal tube terminates 4.1 cm above the carina.  2. Mild vascular congestion with mild pulmonary edema.  3. Increased opacity at the base of the left lung may reflect atelectasis.
1.  Increased opacification of the left base may represent artifact from patient  positioning or atelectasis, however superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  2.  Probable small left-sided pleural effusion.
New or right middle lobe and right lower lobe collapse.  Trace associated layering right pleural effusion.
New parenchymal density in the left hemithorax extending into the  left upper lobe.  Recommend further evaluation with chest CT.    Findings were communicated to Dr. ___ by Dr. ___.
Persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.  Minimal left basilar  atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right PICC line has been pulled back and now ends proximal to the junction of the  right subclavian and right internal jugular vein.  2.  Stable mild pulmonary venous engorgement and mediastinal widening.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Orogastric tube with the tip and side hole below the diaphragm.  2.  Ill-defined opacities at the left base, which likely represent atelectasis,  but an underlying lower lobe pneumonia cannot be excluded.  3.  Prominent left hilum, likely reflecting pulmonary hypertension.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and pleural effusions.  Persistent  patchy opacification of the right mid upper and left upper lungs, which are  background findings.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Extensive parenchymal opacities are reflective of known malignancy and  post treatment changes in the right upper lobe.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and probable small right pleural  effusion with right basilar atelectasis. Right base consolidation is not excluded.
No significant interval change in scattered parenchymal opacities within both lungs,  compatible with areas of post-treatment change and known neoplastic disease.
Slight increase in opacity in the left lower lung adjacent to the left heart  border, with improved right basilar opacity.  Small right pleural effusion,  slightly decreased from prior.
Malpositioned right internal jugular central venous catheter.    NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the  findings.
Nasogastric tube has been advanced with the first side port in the proximal  stomach.  Otherwise no substantial change.
1.  Swan-Ganz catheter and enteric tube are not constant position.  2.  Worsening left retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis or aspiration.  3.  Small right pleural effusion.
Worsening pulmonary edema.  Right basilar opacity may be due to fluid  overload, although an underlying consolidation is not excluded.  Small right  pleural effusion was better seen on CT.
1. Interval improvement in interstitial edema.  2. Small bilateral effusions.  3. Right upper lobe mass better assessed on recent CT.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No significant interval change from the prior exam.  Ill-defined focal  opacities within both upper lobes as well as the left lower lobe, not substantially  changed in the interval, and better assessed on the previous CT.
1.  Increased right pleural effusion, now small to moderate.  2.  Left suprahilar opacity is partially attributed to postsurgical scarring as well  as the previously seen consolidation, however is not well evaluated on this single frontal  projection.
Bilateral pleural effusions and mild interstitial abnormality.  No  definite evidence of pneumonia.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Worsening moderate pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild perihilar fullness, slightly improved compared to the prior exam.  Persistent small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process seen.  Spiculated opacity in the right upper lung is less conspicuous than on  the prior chest radiograph from ___ and a more ill-defined opacity in left mid lung is similar in  appearance.  These opacities were seen on the prior CT chest.
Right IJ central venous catheter with tip projecting over the lower SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Improved aeration of the lungs with interval decrease in size of moderate  right pleural effusion.  Improving left retrocardiac opacity.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Unchanged moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.
Substantial interval improvement in large right pleural effusion following  thoracocentesis with residual mild-to-moderate fluid.  Ill-defined opacity in the right upper lung is  consolidation unless proven otherwise.
1. Two chest tubes overlie the right base with lucency demonstrated about one, which may  represent a small basilar pneumothorax.  2. Persistent asymmetric opacification of the right lung with increased asymmetric pulmonary  vascularity.  3. Stable moderate right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild congestion/edema. No convincing signs of pneumonia.
1.  Mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Curvilinear lucency at posterior to the sternum on the lateral view may reflect a small  pneumothorax.  3.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.  4.  Emphysema.
Slight interval increase in the pulmonary edema and moderate right pleural  effusion.  Persistent opacification at the right base may be a pneumonia.
Slight interval increase in size of bilateral pleural effusions which are now  moderate to large.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Persistent but improved retrocardiac opacity.  No definite acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Opacity at the base of the left lung consistent with a left lower lobe  pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Previously noted patchy opacity in the  right lower lobe seen on CT is not well visualized on the current exam.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Interval placement of a Bravo pH  capsule projecting in the distal esophagus.
Left PICC terminates in the upper SVC.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new infiltrates in  patient with history of cough.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild pulmonary edema.
Pulmonary vascular congestion without definite superimposed acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial edema and pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Persistent prominence of the hila suggesting vascular engorgement with possible  mild increase in vascular congestion.
Cardiomegaly with engorged central pulmonary vessels without overt  pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
Pulmonary edema.  More dense left basilar opacity, particularly on the frontal  view could be combination of atelectasis noting that infection is difficult to exclude.
Interval placement of an endotracheal tube, which is low lying with tip  approximately 1.6 cm above the carina.  An esophageal tube courses inferior to the  diaphragm; however, tip out of view of the radiograph.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and left lower lobe atelectasis.
Persistent pulmonary edema.  Evaluation of the left lung base is less than optimal due to  underpenetration from overlying body habitus although no definite focal consolidation seen.
Low lung volumes with possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small  left pleural effusion.  Patchy bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.  Diffuse  vascular congestion and small left pleural effusion.
Bibasilar opacities persist, although or less consolidated in appearance  compared to the prior radiograph.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Unchanged degree of pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Moderate cardiomegaly and mild to moderate pulmonary edema, similar to slightly  increased compared to ___.  2.  Dense retrocardiac consolidation is likely related to edema but superimposed  consolidation cannot be excluded.
Cardiomegaly with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.
NG tube terminates in the stomach.  Increased bilateral alveolar opacities and pleural  effusions.
No change.
1. Endotracheal tube lies approximately 5 cm above the carina.  2. Persistent bibasilar opacities, more prominent on the left, most likely representing  atelectasis and small effusion.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed  pneumonia would have to be considered.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema, now moderate.
Pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema.  Left retrocardiac opacity  likely reflects pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.  An underlying left basilar  consolidation cannot be excluded.
Mild pulmonary edema, perhaps minimally worse compared to the previous exam. Small  bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.
New endotracheal tube terminates 4.0 cm above the carina.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
Worsening pulmonary edema with interval increase in small left pleural  effusion.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
New ET tube 5.4 cm above the carina.  Worsening pulmonary edema.
Left upper extremity PICC line positioned appropriately. Stable cardiomegaly. Otherwise unremarkable.
Pulmonary edema perhaps minimally less extensive when compared to prior. Retrocardiac  region not well-visualized potentially in part due to overlying soft tissues and  atelectasis although underlying infection cannot be excluded.
Pulmonary edema.  Difficult to exclude small effusions.
Moderate cardiomegaly with probable small bilateral pleural effusions and  atelectasis. Prominent vasculature and prominence of the hila is suggestive of  pulmonary hypertension.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable mild to moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  Endotracheal tube ends at the level of the inferior clavicular heads and is  no less than 5.2cm above the carina.  2.  New opacification of both lower lobes despite no change in lung volumes  is concerning for pneuomonia.  3.  Increased caliber of the left upper lobe vessels, which may be due to  pulmonary edema.  4.  Chronic enlargement of the right
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Slight increase in size of the left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no  significant interval change.
Linear interstitial opacities in the left lung may represent scarring or  pneumonia.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with small bilateral effusions and  bibasilar atelectasis.
Faint bibasilar opacities with possible bronchial wall thickening are  nonspecific but similar to that seen on ___.
Increased focal opacification within the left lower lobe in setting of known  transbronchial biopsy is likely related to focal hemorrhage superimposed on known  area of focal opACification/though is out of proportion to expected.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after  discovery of the findings.
Interval placement of a left-sided chest tube which appears to  terminate approximately at the level of the medial left diaphragm and may extend to the  mediastinum.  There has been re-expansion of the left lung with opacity in the  left mid-to-lower lung which could be due to pulmonary hemorrhage/contusion,  partial collapse, or less likely infection.
Very large left pneumothorax with collapse of the left lung.   Possible slight tension component.
Stable chest findings.  No evidence of new parenchymal  infiltrates.
Interval improvement in left costophrenic angle atelectasis.  Small left  pleural effusion.
No pneumothorax.  Unchanged left lower lobe opacity.
Persistent right middle lobe consolidation consistent with the patient's known  post-obstructive pneumonia.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Right middle lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to show resolution.
Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly with patchy basilar opacification suggesting a combination of  atelectasis and pleural effusion.
No significant interval change.  Persistent retrocardiac opacity which could be due to  atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Left-sided pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Findings suggestive of mild congestion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Pulmonary edema and pulmonary vascular congestion.
Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  Small right pleural effusion.
Stable massive cardiomegaly and moderate bilateral pleural effusions.  No  pneumothorax.
Interval increase in size of a now moderate left pleural effusion with left basilar  atelectasis.  Interval decrease in the right pleural fluid and right basilar atelectatic  changes.  Improving pulmonary edema.
Persistent left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.  Left base  retrocardiac opacity likely represents combination of effusion and consolidation, although  underlying consolidation is difficult to exclude.
Persistent cardiomegaly and left pleural effusion.  Slight increase in  markings in the right lung base may be artifactual, although underlying  consolidation is not excluded.
Moderate to severe pulmonary edema with increased bilateral pleural  effusions.  Right greater than left mid and lower lung opacities may reflect  atelectasis in this setting of effusions, however a in multifocal infectious process or  aspiration cannot be excluded.
Persistent moderate left pleural effusion and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.   Left lung base consolidation is concerning for pneumonia.  Peripheral right lung base opacity is  more conspicuous since prior exam and could represent atelectasis or aspiration.
No central venous line visualized.  No pneumothorax identified.  Otherwise,  unchanged examination with unchanged left base retrocardiac opacity likely  representing a combination of atelectasis and effusion.
1.  Increased left lower lobe atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Stable cardiomegaly.
1.  Persistent cardiomegaly with tiny right pleural effusion.  2.  Interval removal of left internal jugular central venous catheter device.
1.  Increased opacification in the left lower lobe could be a combination of pleural  effusion with associated atelectasis or in the appropriate clinical setting, focal  consolidation.  2.  Severe cardiomegaly with an apparent gradual increase in size from prior  studies which is concerning for pericardial effusion.
Moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  Left basilar opacity could be due to pleural fluid noting that  underlying consolidation cannot be completely excluded.
NG tube can be followed through the stomach pointing towards the duodenum.  No  evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild hyperexpansion likely due to  obstructive lung disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Known FDG-avid nodules are  below the threshold of detection on chest radiograph.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Suspected right middle lobe mass is present since at least ___ and  previously evaluated on CT.  3.  Right basilar fibrosis is better demonstrated on prior CT.
1.  Improved aeration of the lungs since ___.  2.  Persistent alveolar opacity in a bibasilar predominance.  3.  Unchanged small right effusion.
Moderate left and small right pleural effusions, increased since  the prior exam with pulmonary edema.
1.  Small bilateral pleural effusions with fluid extending into the major and minor  fissures.  2.  Rounded densities projecting over the peripheral right upper lung zone on the AP  view may represent pulmonary nodules.  3.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial edema.  4.  Stable mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval increase in perihilar opacities, right greater than left,  which may be due to infectious process with possible superimposed edema.   Persistent mild cardiomegaly.
New enteric catheter ends either at the gastric antrum or first portion of the  duodenum.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with small left pleural effusion and mild pulmonary edema.   Left upper lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Persistent very large hiatal hernia with small bilateral pleural  effusions.  Bibasilar atelectasis.
COPD.  Mild lingular atelectasis.  No focal consolidation.
1.  Very subtle hazy opacities in the right lower lobe are new compared to the  prior study from ___, possibly atelectasis or a very early pneumonia.  2.  Enlargement of the cardiac silhouette is not significantly changed.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute findings in the chest.  Calcified nodule projecting over  the left mid lung as seen on prior CT.
Substantial new opacity in the right lower lobe concerning for pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
COPD.  No definite signs of pneumonia or CHF.
Right basilar opacity without any corresponding opacity seen on the lateral view likely  represents atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New density in the retrosternal clear space suggests the presence of an anterior  mediastinal lesion, of note in prior CT there were enlarge lymph nodes in this location.  2.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Persistent prominence of the left hilum which appears less confluent as compared  to ___, but more prominent as compared to chest radiograph from ___,  underlying lymphadenopathy not excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Enlarged left hilum, which could be due to lymphadenopathy or  pericardial effusion.  Recommend further evaluation with chest CT.    These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
Persistent right middle lobe heterogeneous opacity is concerning for  chronic aspiration, although pneumonia could have a similar appearance.
Right middle lobe pneumonia.  Recommend followup to resolution.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.___ on the  telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval removal of the right-sided central venous catheter.  No acute  cardiopulmonary process.  Ovoid lucency projects over the right tracheobronchial angle and a  crescentic lucency is seen along the junction of the left heart border and aortic  lumen and a small subdiaphragmatic crescentIC lucency are also seen beneath the right  hemidiaphragm.
1.  Increased right pleural effusion, now small to moderate in size.  2.  Decreased mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Interval improvement in the previously described left mid upper lung opacity.   Otherwise, no significant interval change.
1. 3-cm irregularly marginated mass in the lingula, which has grown since prior  studies.  2. Otherwise, no significant interval change.
Interval improvement of opacities along the right lower lung.
Interval placement of a Swan-Ganz catheter with the tip slightly beyond the  mediastinum.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
Bilateral pleural thickening and plaques in keeping with history of asbestos  exposure.  Multifocal areas of linear scarring and/or atelectasis.  No  superimposed areas of consolidation to suggest an acute pneumonia.
1.  Increased hazy opacification of the lungs may represent mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged appearance of bilateral pleural plaques and pleural thickening.
Possible minimal increased left lung hazy opacity which could be due to  edema.  No focal opacities concerning for infection.
Interval placement of a right internal jugular line with tip  residing in the distal SVC.  No pneumothorax.
1.  New left upper lobe opacity concerning for a developing pneumonia.  2.  Improving retrocardiac consolidation, either representing improving atelectasis or  pneumonia.
Interval placement of a large-bore dual-lumen right central venous  catheter, distal aspect not well seen, but likely terminating at the cavoatrial  junction/proximal right atrium.  No pneumothorax seen.
Interval improvement in right lower lobe opacity since the prior study,  however hazy opacification persists, difficult to discern whether new since the  prior study or whether never fully resolved.  Infection vs assymetric pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly.
Right IJ central venous catheter positioned appropriately. Right lower lung  consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No visualized free intraperitoneal air.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Interval placement of an endotracheal tube, terminating 3.3 cm above the  carina.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
Marked cardiomegaly with right mid-to-lower lung opacity concerning for  pneumonia.  Trace bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Opacities projecting over the spine on the lateral radiograph may represent  atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2. Moderate cardiomegaly, slightly smaller since the study of ___.  3. Rightward deviation of the trachea is likely secondary to known enlargement of the thyroid, left  greater than right.
Right middle lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
Newly placed nasogastric tube terminates in the distal stomach. Otherwise, no  significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Right PICC tip at the upper SVC.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Substantial interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette with now somewhat globular  morphology.  Ill-defined opacity in the retrocardiac left lower lobe which is likely atelectasis.  No definite  focal consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right middle lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Blunting of the right  costophrenic angle may be due to overlying soft tissue, though a small pleural  effusion cannot be excluded.  Bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate hiatal hernia.
ET tube in appropriate position.  No evidence of pneumothorax.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Right lower lobe nodule is similar in appearance to prior radiograph and CT,  however true volume cannot be measured on radiography.  Recommend nonemergent chest CT for  further evaluation.
Vague nodular focus projecting over the right lateral lung, for which a nonemergent chest CT is  recommended to assess for an underlying mass.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  Right lower lobe  atelectasis has slightly worsened.  Stable bilateral apical pneumothoraces.
Slight elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with left basilar  atelectasis and overall improvement in aeration.
Right upper extremity PICC line terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction.
Slightly increased hazy opacities at the right lung base, which may represent  pneumonia in the correct clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Right PICC line terminates at least at the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Stable chest findings status post placement of a pacer  with electrodes in appropriate position.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Possible minimal central vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New subtle right lower lobe opacity, concerning for pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.___ on the  telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Possible minimal basilar atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Right PICC terminates near the right subclavian and internal jugular vein  confluence with its tip pointing slightly superiorly in the direction of internal  jugular veins.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement with mild peribronchial cuffing.
Interval decrease in right basilar pneumonia.  Tiny right pleural  effusion.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion.
Findings suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Patchy right basilar  opacities, which may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip in the mid/low SVC.  No  pneumothorax seen on this supine exam.
Extensive consolidation in the right lower lung, probably in the  right lower lobe.  The appearance is fairly similar to the more recent prior  radiographs allowing for differences in technique although pulmonary vascular  congestion is somewhat less prominent.  It is difficult to exclude small pleural  effusions but no definite pleural effusion seen.
Patchy right lower lobe opacity worrisome for pneumonia or  aspiration.
Interval improvement in the previously seen right basilar patchy opacity.  No  displaced rib fractures.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiothoracic process.
Persistent large left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis and/or  consolidation in the left mid and lower lung.  Right subpulmonic pleural  effusion.
Opacity in the left mid and lower lung concerning for pneumonia.   Recommend followup to resolution.
Slightly increased retrocardiac opacity is likely atelectasis  although infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.
Interval placement of a Dobbhoff tube, which is coiled within the pharynx.   Otherwise, no significant interval change.
No reaccumulation of pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
Marked improvement of massive right pleural effusion following  placement of pigtail catheter.  No pneumothorax.
No pneumothorax.  Stable large right layering pleural effusion and  bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  Linear lucency along the trachea concerning for pneumomediastinum.  2.  Subcutaneous emphhysema in the soft tissues of the neck and bilateral supraclaviaular  region compatible with acute intrathoracic process.  3.  Possible moderate-sized right apical pneumothorax without evidence of  associated volume loss.  4.  Small rounded radiopaque density projecting in the right mid lung
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary  infiltrates.
Improved aeration of the lung bases.  No reaccumulation of pleural effusions or  pneumothorax.
Persistent lucency of the right upper lung, but no evidence of pleural  effusion.  Persistent bilateral subcutaneous gas in the soft tissues of the neck and trace  pneumomediastinum at the level of the trachea.
1.  Improved atelectasis in the right upper lung and left lower lung.  2.  Bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right.  3.  Unchanged pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  New right IJ line with tip projecting over the mid SVC.  No visualized  pneumothorax.  2.  Endotracheal tube approximately 1.5 cm from the carina and should be withdrawn several  centimeters for optimal positioning.  3.  Enteric tube slightly withdrawn with side port just proximal to the GE junction and  should be advanced.  4.  Fullness of the soft tissues in the right hilar region
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.  Unchanged 1.5 x 1.3 cm nodule in the left mid lung.
Interval placement of endotracheal tube, which terminates approximately 3 cm  above the level of the carina.  Left internal jugular central venous catheter  terminates in the proximal SVC.  Interval development of left lower lobe  atelectasis with possible effusion and pulmonary edema.
Bibasilar opacities suggestive of layering pleural effusions with  cephalization of the vasculature and prominence of the azygos vein.
Endotracheal tube within 1 cm of the carina and should be withdrawn.   Enteric tube with tip at the gastric fundus, side port likely just beyond the GE  junction.
1.  Dobbhoff tube in appropriate position.  2.  Unchanged left lower and upper lobe consolidations.
Enteric tube tip at the gastric fundus, side port not clearly identified on the  current exam.
Interval removal of endotracheal tube and enteric feeding tube without  pneumothorax.  Persistent low lung volumes with mild to moderate left-sided  pleural effusion.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Chronic or recurrent mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and bilateral loculated pleural effusions.
No significant interval change when compared to the prior exam. Chronic  loculated bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.
Persistent bilateral loculated pleural effusions and right base opacity  which may be due to atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Decreased interstitial edema and pulmonary vascular congestion.  Stable  bilateral layering pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis.
Bilateral loculated pleural effusions, consistent with prior CT in ___.  Ill-defined opacities at the right base most likely represent atelectasis.
1.  Moderate-to-large loculated right pleural effusion, increased in size  from prior exam.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.  3.  Unchanged moderate loculated left pleural fluid.  4.  Prominence of the right mediastinum, suggestive of vascular congestion.
New peribronchial opacities in the left lower lung and right lung base are  concerning for aspiration.
Nodular area of opacification in the left mid lung field was not clearly  demonstrated on the prior radiograph.  This could represent a nodule, but  superimposed infection cannot be excluded.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of
Ill-defined opacities within the left upper lobe and left lung base, as seen on the  previous chest radiograph, concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of these findings.
Slight interval increase in the opacity in the lingula, which may  represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.    These findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___.
Persistent 6.2 x 5.0 cm lingular opacity, decreased in comparison to the  prior exam but greater than expected for postoperative hemorrhage at this time and  raising suspicion for a possible infectious process.
Resolution of right lower lobe pneumonia.  Stable lingular opacities adjacent to a healed  rib fractures.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Vague opacification projecting over the lingula in the region of the  previously noted mass is likely a combination of residual mass and a small, not  unexpected hemorrhage.
1.  Small left pleural effusion, slightly increased compared to the prior study.  2.  Rounded consolidative opacity within the lingula is mildly smaller in size compared to  the prior exam, measuring approximately 5.7 x 4.6 cm, previously 6.2 x  5.0 cm.  3.  No pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval progression of left upper lobe opacity compatible with worsening  pneumonia.  Additional nodules previously described are not as clearly delineated by  x-ray.
Opacity in the region of the lingula, corresponding to the consolidation seen  on the prior chest CT.  Given the patient's symptoms and history of a lingular  infiltrate, this most likely represents a residual area of cryptogenic organizing  pneumonia.
Pulmonary edema with superimposed pneumonia.
Moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.  Bibasilar opacities are felt to more likely  relate to vascular congestion rather than consolidation, however in the appropriate  clinical setting, underlying pneumonia is difficult to exclude.
Increasing pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis.
Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
New central venous catheter terminates in the left brachiocephalic vein.  No  pneumothorax.
Findings suggestive of congestive heart failure, although less  pronounced than on the prior study.  Patchy bibasilar opacities may reflect  atelectasis or infection.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Right lower lung opacities are increased since ___, concerning for  worsening or new pneumonia.
Left upper lobe and lingular consolidations concerning for multifocal  pneumonia.  Trace left pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Multifocal pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
Right IJ line terminates in the SVC.  No pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.   Asymmetric opacity in the right lung concerning for pneumonia.
Unchanged multifocal pneumonia.  Possible small left pleural effusion.
Markedly improved aeration of the lungs with patchy opacities in the lung bases,  potentially infectious or atelectasis.
Right PICC ends in the low SVC.
Increased retrocardiac opacity concerning for pneumonia.  Hilar congestion.
Slight interval increase in left lower lobe opacity with air bronchograms,  which may represent pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema, minimally improved from the prior examination.
Mild worsening of pulmonary edema.  Small left pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal and enteric tubes in standard positions.  Streaky bibasilar  airspace opacities, likely atelectasis.
Interval placement of a right central dialysis catheter.  Otherwise, no  significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions.   Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis, but infection is not  excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Mild cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Large bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis and  pulmonary edema.
Top-normal heart size with tiny left pleural effusion and calcified granulomas.
Moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions.  Interval resolution of  pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions. Bibasilar opacities likely reflect a  combination of effusions and atelectasis; although, underlying infection cannot be excluded.
Possible superimposed pulmonary edema.  Slight blunting of both  costophrenic angles, felt most likely be due to overlying soft tissues, but trace  pleural effusions would be difficult to exclude.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.    2.  Mild chronic-appearing compression deformities along the upper thoracic spine; although  unlikely to represent acute fractures, there may be some increase in the degree of attenuated body  heights at one or more levels since the prior CT from several years ago.
Enlarged hila consistent with a combination of enlarged pulmonary arteries and  right hilar lymph node enlargement as demonstrated on recent CT.  No focal  consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Unchanged widespread parenchymal opacities consistent with multifocal  pneumonia.  Improved left-sided pleural effusion.
Bilateral middle lobe opacities may represent pneumonia in the correct  clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Consolidations in the right mid lung and retrocardiac  location could reflect a concurrent pneumonia.
1.  New thin linear density along the left apex, which may represent a  pneumothorax or skinfold.  2.  Worsening basilar opacities, right more than left, likely due to pulmonary  edema from re-expansion after the right thoracentesis.  3.  Stable small left effusion.
1.  Near complete resolution of right pleural effusion following thoracentesis.  2.  Interstitial opacities at the right base likely represent some reexpansion edema  and residual atelectasis.  3.  Small left pleural fluid appears slightly larger than on the prior exam from earlier  this morning.  4.  Unchanged patchy bibasilar opacity consistent with the known pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval decrease in size of a moderate right-sided pleural effusion, now  small to moderate.  Persistent small left-sided effusion and patchy  basilar opacities which could be seen with resolving infection or atelectasis associated  with effusions.  Vague nodular opacity projecting over the right upper lung that is similar to  better defined compared to the recent prior chest radiographs and may correspond to  nodular focus along the right minor f
Marked regression of previously identified multifocal  parenchymal infiltrates.  No new acute abnormalities identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval progression of bilateral parenchymal infiltrates  compatible with multifocal pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Subtle obscuration of the left border may represent an early lingular  pneumonia, and is not definitely seen on the lateral view.
1.  Left PIC catheter tip projects over distal SVC/cavoatrial junction.  No  pneumothorax.  2.  Bilateral multifocal consolidations involving predominantly the right lung,  possibly also involving the lingula appear more conspicuous from ___.  3.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Right middle lobe and lingular pneumonia.  Recommend followup to  resolution.
Residual hazy opacities persist at bilateral lung bases and inferior lingula  from prior recent infection but are significantly improved from prior study.
Patchy new opacity in the lateral segment of the right middle lobe,  worrisome for pneumonia.
Interval decrease in lingular consolidation.  No definite focal  consolidation on the right.
Interval improvement of multifocal infiltrates.  No new  infiltrates identified.
No significant interval change from immediately prior study dated ___.
Slight interval increase in the size of the right middle lobe and left lingular  opacities.  The patchy upper lobe infiltrate seen on CT is not as well  visualized on the chest x-ray.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  Persistent moderate cardiomegaly.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and pulmonary edema has worsened since  ___.
Lower lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Mild central hilar congestion.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and probable trace right pleural effusion.   Retrocardiac atelectasis.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  Basilar opacities may relate to fluid overload; however,  infectious process is not excluded.
Stable chest findings.  No new parenchymal infiltrates.
1.  Worsening heterogeneous airspace opacities in the right lower lobe are  concerning for aspiration or evolving infectious pneumonia.  2.  Numerous air-fluid levels in the left upper lobe lateral to the left hilum may reflect  hemorrhage or infection within a bullae.  3.  Extensive subcutaneous emphysema has worsened, and is particularly more marked in the  neck, axilla and lateral chest wall as compared to the
Interval placement of endotracheal tube with tip 6 cm above the carina.  No  pneumothorax.  Otherwise, unchanged exam.
Moderate pulmonary edema has worsened and mild-to-moderate bilateral pleural  effusions have increased.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural  effusions.
1.  Increased diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, consistent with edema.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Persistent small right and  moderate left pleural effusions.
Increased consolidation of the left lower lung as well as in the upper lung  concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Opacity projecting over the heart on the frontal view with air bronchograms  correlates with increased opacity in the retrocardiac space which may be due to  atelectasis or pneumonia.
No significant interval change in multiple loculated right pleural  effusions.  Tiny left upper lobe nodular opacities since ___.
1.  Interval resolution of large right pleural effusion with re-expansion  atelectasis.  2.  Stable cardiomegaly and central venous engorgement suggestive of hypervolemia.  3.  New small left pleural fluid.
1.  Resolution of small right-sided pneumothorax.  2.  Unchanged small layering right pleural effusion.  3.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly decreased from yesterday.
1.  Right pleural effusion, which had been drained on the ___ radiograph, has  returned to the size it was on ___.  2.  Unchanged right middle and lower lobe collapse.
1.  Interval increase in mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Minimally increased loculated right pleural effusion.  3.  Blunting of the costophrenic angle on the lateral view is new compared to prior  study, and may represent a new left pleural fluid.  4.  Right perihilar mass is better seen on recent CT.
Large focal consolidation involving the right lower lobe and possible right middle lobe with  associated moderate pleural effusion, new since ___.  Findings are concerning for multifocal pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with ___, M.D. on the telephone on  ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.
Little change in appearance of large loculated right pleural effusion.
No significant interval change when compared to prior.  Persistent  loculated fluid within the major fissure and right chest tube as well as  parenchymal opacities compatible with known metastatic disease.
1.  Moderate right pleural effusion, increased compared to the prior study from  ___, with a subpulmonic component.  A concomitant consolidative process at the  right lung base cannot be excluded.  2.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without frank interstitial edema.  3.  Unchanged mild cardiomegaly.
Large right pleural effusion, slightly increased in size compared to the prior  study.  Right basilar opacification could reflect compressive atelectasis though  infection is not excluded.  Mild leftward shift of mediastinal structures, slightly  increased from the prior study.
No significant interval change when compared to the prior study.  Persistent  loculated right pleural effusion.
Increasing right pleural effusion, now large.
Moderate loculated right pleural effusion, slightly increased in size compared to  the most recent radiograph from ___.  Heterogeneous opacities in the right mid to  lower lung are slightly increased, possibly partially due to overlying pleural fluid,  although atelectasis or infection in this region is certainly possible.  Borderline  pulmonary edema is not significantly changed.  There is evidence of central adenopathy,  increased compared to prior radiographs
Persistent loculated right pleural effusion with slight interval  improvement in aeration of the right upper lung.
Increased opacity in the right lung with increased size of the loculated  right pleural effusion is concerning for a superimposed consolidation/pneumonia.
Persistent right pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis.  Interval  engorgement of pulmonary vessels, particularly on the left.
Slight interval increase in size of right-sided pleural effusion  with underlying parenchymal opacity, potentially atelectasis; however, infiltrate is  also possible.
Very ill-defined opacity seen on the lateral view only in the posteroinferior lung  overlying the lower thoracic spine is concerning for pneumonia.
Interval increase in extent of opacification of the right hemithorax, compatible  with increasing size of a large layering right pleural effusion.  Right basilar  atelectasis.  Minimal patchy opacity in the left lung base may also reflect  compressive atelectatic changes.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased right infrahilar opacity, probably correlating with focal  right lower lobe opacity.  Findings are concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate  clinical setting.  More chronic interstitial abnormality at the lung bases.
Interval increase in pulmonary edema, greater on the right than on the left.   Small bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis.
Slight interval decrease in size of bilateral pleural effusions, right  greater than left.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Recommend repeat PA and lateral  radiographs to verify these findings.
Blunting of the right costophrenic angle, consistent with scarring or a  trace pleural effusion.
Blunting of the left lateral costophrenic angle, potentially due to additional  atelectasis or small effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Patchy bibasilar opacities, more extensive on the right than left, which may  reflect multifocal pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.    Possible slight increase in wedging of an upper lumbar vertebral body, although  the apparent difference may be due to differences in orientation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Chronic blunting of the left lateral costophrenic angle potentially due to  atelectasis or small effusion. Mild vascular congestion without overt edema.
Bibasilar and right perihilar atelectasis, similar compared to ___ and also seen on the CT abdomen and pelvis from ___. No pulmonary edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No significant interval change.  Persistent bibasilar linear opacities, more apparent on the  lateral view on today's exam which could represent atelectasis or infection in the proper  clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis.
Possible trace left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Left PICC has been re-positioned with the tip now terminating in the left  brachiocephalic vein.  2.  Worsening bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly with unchanged left pleural  effusion and left lower lobe atelectasis.
Persistent if not slightly improved bibasilar opacifications, possibly  due to atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions, though superimposed infectious  process is not excluded.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small to moderate left and probable small right  pleural effusions.  Left basilar opacification likely reflects compressive  atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema with probable trace pleural effusions.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Persistent moderate left pleural  effusion and opacification of the left lower lung.
Bilateral pleural effusions and congestive failure.  More focal appearing  consolidations in the middle lobe and a lower lobe, probably left.
Persistent pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusions and  mild cardiomegaly.
Moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion.  No gross pneumothorax.
Pulmonary vascular congestion with possible small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Interval progression of bilateral parenchymal opacities compatible with  worsening pulmonary edema.  More dense retrocardiac opacity suspicious for  superimposed effusion.
Small right pleural effusion, decreased in comparison to the prior study.   Improved lung aeration bilaterally.
Substantial interval improvement in left tension pneumothorax status post  chest tube placement.  Persistent small residual pneumonic opacity, but no  evidence of tension.  Endotracheal tube ends approximately 1.7 cm above the carina.  Consider retracting by 2 cm for appropriate seating.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
Chronic interstitial changes in the lungs, which have somewhat increased,  which may be related to interstitial edema.  However, this is not accompanied by any  pleural effusion or pneumonia.
Mild-to-moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Chronic mild to moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Lucency below the left hemidiaphragm on the frontal and adjacent to the right  hemi thoracic vertebral body which could represent pneumonia in the correct clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased interstitial markings bilaterally are not significantly changed from  ___.  No focal opacities.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema.
Subtle increase in opacification in the retrocardiac region, superimposed on a  stable mild background of interstitial abnormality.  Findings could be due to  atelectasis or infection.
1.  Appropriate positioning of the endotracheal and endogastric tubes.  2.  Calcified pleural plaques compatible with prior asbestos exposure.  3.  Trace bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval resolution of right apical pneumothorax.  Right mid and lower lung  opacities persist, but are much improved from ___.
Small right apicolateral pneumothorax, minimally decreased in size since the  prior study.  Slight interval worsening of left retrocardiac opacity.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Otherwise unremarkable.
Patchy left basilar opacity, which could reflect atelectasis or  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Minimal left base atelectasis.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Nodules in the left perihilar region and bilateral lung apices concerning for  metastatic disease.  Nonurgent chest CT is suggested to further evaluate.
Pulmonary edema and trace bilateral pleural effusions.  An underlying  pneumonia cannot be fully excluded.
Moderate interstitial pulmonary edema with moderate cardiomegaly and  moderate bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval improvement in bilateral pleural effusions and interstitial edema.
Bilateral interstitial and airspace opacities, predominantly basal has  worsened substantially since ___.
1.  New heterogeneous opacities in the right upper lung and left lower lung are  concerning for infection.  2.  Small to moderate left pleural effusion is substantially increased.
Continued progressive consolidation involving the left lung with  asymmetric opacification of the right hemithorax most compatible with multifocal  pneumonia.  Superimposed bibasilar atelectasis.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of acute or chronic  parenchymal infiltrates.
Interval improvement in asymmetric, mild, right pulmonary edema.
Mild interstitial edema.  Emphysema.
Worsening pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without frank congestive heart failure.   Patchy right infrahilar opacity, suspected to represent minor streaky atelectasis.
Bibasilar interstitial abnormality, new since ___.  This could be due to  atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Cardiomegaly without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with chronic right basal  atelectasis. No convincing signs of pneumonia or CHF.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No displaced rib fracture is visualized.  If there is continued clinical concern for a rib fracture, consider a dedicated rib series.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly improved from ___.  Increased right perihilar opacification from the most recent prior study also likely due to pulmonary vascular congestion.  Small right pleural effusion.  Streaky opacities at the bilateral lung bases most likely reflect atelectasis; however, superimposed infection is not excluded in the appropriate clinical context.
Patchy consolidations in the right middle lobe may represent pneumonia in the  right clinical circumstances.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Right infrahilar pneumonia.  2.  Improving pulmonary edema.
Pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  Retrocardiac opacity may  represent atelectasis though pneumonia is not excluded.
1.  Left chest wall central line terminates in the right atrium.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable diffuse mild interstitial abnormality, likely chronic.
Minimal increase in bilateral airspace opacities suggesting pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Mild pulmonary edema, improved from prior exam.  Dilated main pulmonary artery  compatible with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Stable cardiomegaly with severe pulmonary edema.  Dialysis catheter in  unchanged position.
1.  Increased radiodensiy in the right lower lung zone and since the left  lower lung is difficult to evaluate, it is unclear if this is a unilateral process.  2.  Stable severe cardiomegaly.  3.  Multiple pulmonary nodules better visualized on the prior CT.
Mild to moderate moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.   More focal opacity in the right lung base, new from the prior study, could  represent pneumonia in the correct clinical setting.
Interval increase in the cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  Mild cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  Rounded opacity at the right base, present sicne ___, may represent asymmetric  pulmonary edema, but other processes such as pulmonary abscess cannot be excluded.
Mild pulmonary edema and probable small right pleural effusion.
New left subclavian line with tip at the cavoatrial junction. Otherwise, no  significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Left subclavian central venous line ends in the upper right atrium.  No  pneumothorax.  Retrocardiac opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.
1. ET tube 2.6 cm above the Carina.  2. Moderate cardiomegaly with fluid overload.  3. Right lower lung opacity, which could represent pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.
1.  New region of consolidation above the minor fissure which could refelct an early  infectious process.  2.  Increased bilateral lung opacities, likely secondary to pulmonary edema.  3.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
Persistent but improved pulmonary edema with right lower lobe opacification  concerning for pneumonia.
Pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.  Subtle nodular opacity in the left suprahilar region, new from ___.  This could represent an early focus of infection or malignancy.  Followup radiographs after diuresis are recommended.
Mild fluid overload with small bilateral pleural effusions and  bibasilar atelectasis.
No significant interval change in degree of pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Previously described nodular opacities on  CT are not well demonstrated on the current radiograph.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable cardiomegaly.
Patchy opacities in the left lung base may reflect atelectasis but infection or  aspiration cannot be excluded.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip in the mid SVC.  No  pneumothorax.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent bibasilar patchy airspace  opacities, not substantially changed in the interval.
1. Widened appearance of the mediastinum may be technical in nature.  2. Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  3. Mild pulmonary congestion.
Mild left basilar atelectasis.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and  bibasilar atelectasis.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and mild  interstitial edema.
Mild interstitial edema with small bilateral effusions.
No significant interval change when compared to the prior exam.  Stable moderate  pleural effusions and mild pulmonary edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly with layering pleural effusions and mild vascular  congestion.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural  effusions, minimally increased on the right.
Tiny bilateral pleural effusions, slightly increased from prior exam.  Stable cardiomegaly.
Interval placement of left-sided PICC, which terminates in the low SVC.   Interval increase in bilateral pleural effusions with increased perihilar opacities suggesting  pulmonary edema.  Left base retrocardiac opacity may be due to combination of pleural  effusion and atelectasis; however, underlying consolidation is not excluded.
Interval placement of a chest tube with increased lucency at the lung  base, which likely indicates a residual component of the pneumothorax.  Diffuse  bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with widespread metastatic disease.  Increased  retrocardiac opacity, although similar to the prior exam.
Slight interval increase in size of right-sided pneumothorax.   Persistent diffuse airspace opacities and nodular densities consistent with widespread  pulmonary metastases.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  New 16 mm left upper lobe nodule.  3.  Aortopulmonary window bulging, new since ___.
Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect atelectasis.
Pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild cardiomegaly. No focal  consolidation.
1.  No focal opacity to suggest pneumonia.  2.  Multiple calcified nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease.  3.  Right upper lobe nodule measuring 9 mm is concerning for malignancy.  4.  Tortuosity and calcification of the thoracic aorta.
Moderate cardiomegaly without acute infiltrates or CHF.  PICC line in  appropriate position.
Dobhoff tube has been repositioned and now passes below the diaphragm and  crosses the midline, likely within the second portion of the duodenum.
Dobbhoff tube coiled within the stomach and turns back to terminate in the  esophagus at the level of the clavicles.
1.  No acute pulmonary process identified.  2.  COPD.  3.  Persistent prominence of a hila suggesting element of pulmonary hypertension,  probably unchanged.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Endotracheal tube ends approximately 2.5 cm above the carina.  2.  Moderate pulmonary edema.  3.  Patchy consolidation of the right upper lobe along the mediastinal border is  concerning for pneumonia.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary edema.  Right basilar opacity  worrisome for pneumonia.
Persistent cardiomegaly.  No definite acute intrathoracic process.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute intrathoracic process.  No definite rib fractures identified.  If there is continued concern for a rib fracture, dedicated rib  series can be obtained.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal  consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Opacity at the base of the right lung is not similar in appearance to chest  radiograph on ___ and may represent overlapping structures.  However, an  opacity in the retrocardiac clear space on the left is new since ___.  Additionally, there is an opacity at the left posterior costophrenic  which may represent pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at
Interval improvement in aeration of the left upper lung with  probable small left pleural effusion.  Persistent left perihilar mass  compatible with patient's history of recurrent small cell carcinoma.
Diffuse patchy opacities in the left upper lobe and lingula concerning for a  mass or more confluent consolidation.  Small left pleural effusion.
Persistent blunting of the left costophrenic angle, slightly  increased since the prior study.  Left retrocardiac opacity may relate to combination of  effusion and atelectasis, however underlying consolidation cannot be excluded.
Small left pleural effusion.  Left perihilar opacity compatible with known mass and  parenchymal scarring as seen on ___ CT.
Endotracheal tube terminates at the thoracic inlet in standard placement. No pneumothorax.
Dobbhoff tube terminates in the lower thorax.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild left ventricular enlargement.   Bilateral rib fractures.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Fracture of the first and second sternal  wires, as seen on the prior study.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Limited exam without definite signs of acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Endogastric tube courses inferiorly into the stomach with its sideport well below the  GE junction; however, the NG tube does appear kinked in the segment that is just 4.5-5 cm  upstream from the sideport.    2.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.
No significant interval change.  Trace right pleural effusion and left basilar  atelectasis.
Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectasis.
Increased opacity in the left upper lobe likely atelectasis, attention on follow-up  studies needed.
Mild cardiomegaly with near complete resolution of pleural effusions.
Interval placement of a left internal jugular catheter with tip  terminating in the upper SVC.  No pneumothorax.
1. Unchanged moderate bilateral pleural effusions, larger on the right than on the  left.  2. Resolved pulmonary edema.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, increased in size compared to most recent  prior exam.  No focal consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
ET and NG tubes positioned appropriately.  Otherwise unremarkable.
1.  Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left.
Feeding tube tip in the distal stomach.  Worsening small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No pneumothorax status post chest tube removal.
Stable chest findings following decortication.  No evidence of  any remaining free fluid.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Patchy opacity in the right lung base is  better assessed on prior CT torso from ___.
Diffuse predominantly perihilar airspace opacities with slightly nodular  appearance, which are new from prior studies.  Superimposed hilar adenopathy is  difficult to exclude.
Interval decrease in density of the perihilar opacities, which may  represent a combination of pulmonary edema and pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Right basal opacity suggests atelectasis however infection  should be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.
Stable small right pleural effusion, adjacent atelectasis, and scar formation.
Minimal improvement in the diffuse ground-glass opacities.  Persistent small  bilateral pleural effusions with predominantly retrocardiac atelectasis.
1.  ETT ends 3 cm from the carina.  2.  Persistent severe pulmonary edema.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly and small right pleural effusion.
1.  Unchanged severe pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Right atrium transvenous pacer lead still passes posteriorly in the right atrium,  ending at the inferior cavoatrial junction, a nonstandard position.
Stable appearance of interstitial edema and small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Increased pulmonary vascular congestion.  No focal opacification  concerning for pneumonia identified.
Marked elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with mild interstitial edema.
Slight interval improvement in left lower lobe atelectasis.  Persistent  elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Near-complete resolution of small bilateral pleural effusions.  No  evidence of pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema and left base atelectasis.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild new interstitial abnormality suggesting vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no  significant interval change.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Stable cardiomegaly.  No signs of pneumonia or edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The feeding tube extends below the level of the diaphragms but beyond the field of  view of this radiograph, likely within the distal stomach.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No significant change in comparison to ___.  No pulmonary edema.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear chronic.  3.  Non visualization of the cortical margin of the right posterior eighth rib fracture raises  possibility of acuity.
New right lower lung opacification concerning for pneumonia.  OG tube malpositioned proximally lying in the proximal fundus of the stomach.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___, N.P. on the telephone on  ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.
NG tube terminates in the proximal stomach and could be advanced by approximately 5-10 cm.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
Endotracheal tube tip 5.4 cm above carina.  Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.
1.  Resolution of pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable bibasilar atelectasis.
Single lead pacemaker in situ with the lead tip in the right ventricle.  No  evidence of cardiac decompensation.  Left lower lobe pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary edema is improved from chest x-ray ___.  Small right pleural effusion.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right lower lobe opacity worrisome for pneumonia.  Recommend followup chest  radiograph after appropriate therapy and if finding remains, chest CT.  2.  Left suprahilar opacity, which could be a second site of infection or relate to mild  volume overload.  3.  0.9-cm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior right sixth and seventh ribs,  which could relate to consolidation or an underlying pulmonary nodule is not excluded.  4.
Near-complete resolution of bilateral pleural effusions.  Mild  interstitial edema, improved compared to the prior study.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions, slightly  improved in the interval.  Bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect  atelectasis.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 4.2 cm above the carina.  2.  Severe pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusions and mild cardiomegaly.
Stable moderate cardiomegaly with tiny right pleural effusion.
Extensive pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than  right.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary edema.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Mild cardiomegaly with small left pleural effusion and mild central  pulmonary vascular congestion.  Left base opacity may be due to combination of  pleural fluid and atelectasis, although consolidation is not excluded.
Faint bibasilar opacities, particularly in the retrocardiac region which  could represent atelectasis.  No definite large pleural effusion.
1.  Persistent right upper lobe pneumonia, mildly improved since ___.  2.  Multiple rib fractures of varying ages.  3.  Large hiatal hernia.  4.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Heterogeneous opacity in the inferolateral right upper lobe is  concerning for pneumonia.    Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Mild cardiomegaly.
Moderate pulmonary edema with trace bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No significant interval change. Possible minimal central vascular engorgement.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Since yesterday retrocardiac opacity and small opacity in the right infrahilar  and right lower medial lung is much better, likely atelectasis or aspiration.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Worsening pulmonary edema since ___.  2.  New small bilateral pleural effusions.
Low lung volumes with probable small left pleural effusion and retrocardiac opacity  likely reflecting atelectasis.  Infection cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting.
Vague bibasilar opacities are nonspecific but may represent  infection.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right subclavian line with catheter tip in the lower SVC.  No  visualized pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Markedly increased perivascular haze, peripheral Kerley B lines on the bases and  beginning central pulmonary edema.  No pneumothorax in the apical area.
Diffuse parenchymal opacities are less dense and lungs are better  aerated.
New right dual-lumen dialysis catheter ends at mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Left lower lung opacity is likely a combination of small  atelectasis and pleural effusion.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Right lower lobe pneumonia has continued to grow since ___.  2. New small, right pleural effusion or pneumothorax.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and bibasilar atelectasis.
NG tube extends inferiorly beyond the diaphragm into the fundus of the stomach.
1.  Improved right upper lobe predominant pulmonary edema, but persistent right upper  lobe atelectasis and increased small right pleural effusion.  2.  Unchanged moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Slight increased opacity at the right lung base, best seen on  the frontal view may relate to atelectasis, although in the appropriate clinical  setting, infectious process is not excluded.  COPD.
No acute findings in the chest.
New dense right central opacity concerning for pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___, N.P. on the telephone on ___ at 11:00 AM, 5 minutes after  discovery of the findings.
Small right pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.    2.  Right basilar opacity is significantly improved from ___. Mild residual  opacity may be scarring.
Persistent opacification of the right base may be due to a combination of  pleural effusion, atelectasis, and aspiration.  In the proper clinical setting,  pneumonia cannot be excluded.  Stable moderate right and small left pleural  effusions.
Emphysema without superimposed acute process.
Mild bibasilar atelectasis and small right pleural effusion.  No evidence of  pneumomediastinum.
1.  No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.  2.  Increased nodular peribronchial opacification, most readily explained by  chronic aspiration.  3.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Interval placement of a right transjugular central venous  catheter, distal tip appears to extend to the expected location of the mid SVC,  although exact location is not well evaluated on this study.  Diffuse opacification of the  right hemithorax may be due to underlying fluid and consolidation.  The  esophageal stent has migrated projecting over the right apex as compared to the  prior study of ___.
Continued regression of previously described pleural  densities in the right lateral chest wall.  No new abnormalities identified.
Slight increase in the right mid lung opacity which could be due to  underlying infection, possibly in the superior right lower lobe.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
New right IJ central line with tip in the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Mild cardiomegaly with interval improvement in mild interstitial edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsened appearance to the lungs compared to prior.  An underlying infectious infiltrate  cannot be excluded.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings throughout the lungs compatible with  chronic lung disease. No definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsening bilateral parenchymal opacities concerning for multifocal  infection and/or metastases.  Possible trace right pleural effusion.  No  pneumothorax.
Large area of consolidation in the right lung base is  concerning for pneumonia.
Previously seen multifocal consolidations bilaterally on ___ have  significantly decreased in the interval.  No definite new focal consolidation.  Moderate  cardiomegaly.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema. Subtle nodularity in the right lower lung  raises concern for pneumonia. Recommend followup to resolution.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  ET tube 4.6-5.3 cm above the carina.  2.  Increased retrocardiac density consistent with left lower lobe collapse and/or  consolidation.  3.  Prominent interstitial markings in both lungs, of uncertain etiology or significance.  4.  No gross effusion.
1.  Increased diffuse bilateral lung opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  2.  More sclerotic visualized vertebrae which could represent osseous metastases.  3.  Stable bilateral pleural effusions.
Bilateral regions of consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Right upper lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Mild unchanged central pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly without frank pulmonary edema.
1.  Decreased left upper lobe opacification, likely for reabsorption of edema  component.  2.  Increased right basilar pleural effusion.  3.  Persistent mild cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Chronic mild upper zone  pulmonary vascular redistribution without overt pulmonary edema.
Mild bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis in setting of low lung  volumes.  Enlarged pulmonary vessels are slightly larger compared to ___.
Right IJ line tip overlying distal SVC, new compared with the prior film.    Otherwise, no significant interval change.
Interval removal of left chest tube.  No pneumothorax.  Continued/increased infiltrate in the left upper lung.
Dual-chamber transvenous pacemaker leads in appropriate position.  No  pneumothorax.
New dual lumen right-sided central venous catheter with distal tip in the  right atrium.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsening left basilar opacity, likely atelectasis.  No pneumothorax.
Enteric tube tip in the mid stomach.  Improved bilateral perihilar, bibasilar opacities.
1. Interval development of diffuse, mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  2. Focal opacity in the right middle lobe may represent an early pnemonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.  3. Stable moderate cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Slight blunting of the posterior costophrenic angles may be due to very  trace pleural effusions and minimal interstitial edema.
Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right upper lobe pneumonia with small right pleural effusion and mild  pulmonary vascular congestion.
Moderate cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Opacity in the right lung base could represent patchy atelectasis, early  pneumonia or aspiration.  Clinical correlation is advised.
Diffuse increased interstitial markings with more confluent  opacities at the lung bases which could be due to atelectasis, although underlying  edema or infection is also suspected.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Persistent pulmonary opacities, vascular engorgement and septal lines  consistent with mild pulmonary edema.  Small left pleural effusion cannot be excluded.
No evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area on this single view chest  examination.
Left hilar/perihilar opacity corresponds to patient's known perihilar mass,  better assessed on CT.  Old-appearing rib deformities on the left may relate to prior fractures,  metastatic disease not excluded, although better evaluated on chest CT.
1.  Decreased size of left upper lobe opacity, possibly due to resolution of  hemorrhage.  2.  Persisitent if not increased streaky retrocardiac opacities, possibly  related to aspiration.  3.  Small left pleural effusion.
Left upper lobe pneumonia, improved from ___.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate cardiomegaly, severe pulmonary artery dilatation and moderate pulmonary  vascular congestion are unchanged.
New bibasilar consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the proper  clinical setting.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation.
Right IJ central line has been pulled back in the interval, but still terminates  in the right atrium.
Right IJ central line has been pulled back in the interval and now terminates in the  superior direction junction.    Interval mild increased cephalization of the pulmonary vessels, which may be  partly or wholly due to supine positioning, making it difficult to evaluate for  pulmonary edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1. Mild fullness in the right hila may indicate early developing infection in the  correct clinical setting.  2. Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Right IJ central line terminates in the right atrium.  No acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Mild  cardiomegaly.
Interval worsening of patchy and linear bibasilar opacities compatible with  worsening pneumonia. Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
New retrocardiac opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the correct  clinical setting. Small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No evidence of pneumonia.  Persistent small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Mild to moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Multiple fractured sternal wires, unchanged from ___.  3.  New posteriorly displaced sternal wire fragment at approximately the mid sternal  level.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, new since ___.  Bibasilar opacities may reflect atelectasis or infection in the appropriate  clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Emphysema.
Enteric tube coiled within the stomach.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
1. Low endotracheal tube with tip terminating just above the carina.  Recommend retracting at least 3cm for optimum positioning.  2. Nasogastric tube ends in the proximal portion of the body of the stomach with sidehole at the level of the  gastroesophageal junction, and recommended further advancement.  3. Small left pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis of the left lung base.  4. Mild pulmonary
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Dobbhoff tube terminates in the region of the second portion of the duodenum.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr. ___.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval worsening of now moderate interstitial pulmonary edema with small  bilateral pleural effusions and left retrocardiac atelectasis.
Persistent moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  No new focal opacities  concerning for pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Dobbhoff tube projects over the stomach.  Increased retrocardiac atelectasis.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Persistent prominence of the azygos vein.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Interval improvement in interstitial pulmonary edema, with remaining mild  pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No evidence of free air beneath the right  hemidiaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Mild cardiomegaly.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.  No rib fracture  detected, although sensitivity is low on routine chest radiography.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild cardiomegaly and moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural  effusions.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiomegaly. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  New opacity at the right cardiophrenic angle, which may be atelectasis but  could also represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2.  Persistent vague opacity in the right upper lobe, seen on the previous chest CT,  which may represent sequelae of prior infection or persistent inflammation.  3.  Decreased size of left lower lobe cavitary lesion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Heterogeneous opacities in the left mid lung and right lung base are  concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of these findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  2.9 cm rounded opacity in the left mid lung is concerning for a cavitary  lesion.  Recommend further evaluation with nonemergent chest CT.    Findings were discussed with Dr. ___ by Dr. ___.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No significant interval change since the prior radiograph performed yesterday evening.  Persistent mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema. Stable cardiomegaly.
Diffuse interstitial opacities compatible with chronic lung disease.  New  tunneled dual lumen catheter with distal tip in the right atrium.
1.  Unchanged left basilar opacification, which may represent partial lobar  collapse or fluid trapped within the fissure.  2.  Stable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No infiltrate
1.  Right atelectasis and pleural effusion with interval improvement in mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Unchanged position of the right atrial pacer/ICD lead.  3.  No evidence of fracture or displacement.  4.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Improved aeration of the lungs.  Persistent retrocardiac opacity, which may  represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
New left lower lobe infiltrate and small effusion.    NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephone on ___ at 11:45 AM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial edema and small left pleural  effusion. Trace right pleural effusion is difficult to exclude.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions, minimally increased  compared to the prior exam.  Left basilar atelectasis.
Persistent mild pulmonary edema. Retrocardiac opacity may be accentuated by portable  technique, grossly unchanged from prior.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Worsening interstitial edema and left lower lobe pneumonia.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Vague nodular opacity projecting over the right lower lung  likely represents atelectasis, less likely pneumonia.
Multifocal patchy opacities in the right middle, right upper, and bilateral lower  lobes are concerning for pneumonia.
Persistent right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis and mild  interstitial edema.
Increased opacity at the right lung base could represent a combination of  atelectasis and effusion, though underlying pneumonia is difficult to exclude in the correct  clinical setting.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Stable appearance of the chest with innumerable metastatic  lesions and large consolidation in the right lower lung with small to moderate  right pleural effusion.  No definite superimposed pneumonia.
Interval placement of a right internal jugular catheter, with the tip  likely within the proximal right atrium.
Interval placement of a right IJ central venous catheter with no  pneumothorax.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right internal jugular catheter terminates in the low SVC.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No free air below the diaphragm.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Small bilateral pneumothoraces.  2.  Widening of the superior mediastinum, which may reflect a combination of  pericardial effusion and mediastinal widening.  3.  More focal opacity in the left mid lung field, which is nonspecific.  This  could reflect an area of infection or aspiration.  4.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures.
Decreased size of postoperative pneumothorax.  Decreased  pleural densities along upper right lateral chest wall in the shoulder area.
No significant interval change in appearance of the chest.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Status post right upper lobectomy with no evidence of  pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
