No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged round calcified pulmonary nodule in the posterior right lung base,  unchanged from multiple priors and consistent with prior granulomatous disease.  3.  Known enlarged right hilar lymph node seen on CT of ___ likely accounts for  the increased opacity at the right hilum.  4.  Right mediastinal lymph node conglomerate accounts for the fullness at the  right par
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Calcified nodule in the posterior right lung base is seen and represents  calcified granuloma on CTs dating back to ___, likely secondary to  prior granulomatous disease.  Previously seen pretracheal lymph node conglomerate and right hilar  lymph nodes are better seen/evaluated on CT.
1. Left PICC tip terminates in the distal left brachiocephalic vein.  2. Bibasilar streaky airspace opacities are minimally improved.  3. Previously noted left pleural effusion appears to have resolved.
Cardiomegaly without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Hazy opacity in the right lung may represent aspiration, pleural effusion or  hemorrhage.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.
1.  Stable mild chronic cardiomegaly with trace pulmonary edema and bibasilar  atelectasis.  2.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar opacities likely  atelectasis; however infection cannot be excluded.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Persistent small right  pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis or consolidation.
No significant interval change in left lower lobe opacity.
Hazy veil-like opacity in the right upper lung zone which may be  consolidation, atelectasis or artifact.
1.  Faint opacification projecting over the left mid lung may represent developing  infectious process.  No definitive correlate on the lateral radiograph.  2.  Stable mild interstitial abnormality.
Right lower lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution.
1.  Interval improvement in right lower lobe opacification, which likely  represented fluid overload.  2.  Mild decrease in vascular engorgement and mild biventricular heart failure.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bilateral lower lung bronchiectasis with peribronchial opacities, improved  since ___.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Little overall change in the extensive bibasilar bronchiectasis and peribronchial  thickening.
Moderate right apical pneumothorax has minimally decreased since yesterday.   Opacity at the right lung base which appeared on the yesterdays radiograph is more denser and is likely from an aspiration or  atelectasis.  Small right pleural effusion is unchanged.
1.  Stable right pneumothorax.  2.  New moderate left pleural effusion and pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Large right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis and/or  consolidation.  Small left pleural fluid.  Rounded density projecting in the retrosternal  clear space on the lateral view, which could represent a nodule or mass.   Recommend followup chest x-ray in ___ weeks to document resolution.
1.  Unchanged bilateral lower lobe and right middle lobe collapse.  2.  Right pleural effusion, the size of which is difficult to ascertain.
Interval enlargement of bilateral pleural effusions which are now  moderate in size.  Underlying airspace disease not excluded.
1.  Near complete resolution of moderate right pleural effusion following pigtail  catheter placement.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Unchanged moderate-to-large left pleural fluid associated with left lower lung  atelectasis and mediastinal shift to the right side.
Mild-to-moderate left pneumothorax with rightward mediastinal shift  more apparent than on portable chest radiograph at 2:26 p.m.
Chronic interstitial lung disease.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
New left-sided Port-A-Cath is seen entering the left subclavian and terminating  within the right atrium and can be withdrawn 3 cm.
Possible slight decrease in the degree of pulmonary vascular  congestion with continued substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.
Diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally consistent with  patient's underlying history of chronic interstitial lung disease with likely  overlying pulmonary edema improved since ___.
Improved pulmonary edema with resolution of small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior.
No evidence of acute disease.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema and small left pleural effusion, new since ___.   Increased opacity at the left lung base is either atelectasis and/or combination of  edema.
1.  Right middle and lower lobe opacities are unchanged in distribution and as a  whole slightly decreased in size.  2.  Slight change in morphology with increased lucency of one of the more medial  opacifications.  3.  Hyperinflation compatible with preexisting chronic pulmonary disease.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
New small right pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary disease.
Chronic fibrotic lung disease. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality otherwise  demonstrated.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings in the lungs compatible with  patient's history of fibrosis, slightly worse when compared to prior.  No definite  superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Extensive bilateral opacities are unchanged from the prior examination and likely  reflect the patient underlying severe interstitial lung disease. There is possibly  increased opacification of the right lower lung, which may represent mild edema.
Chronic interstitial abnormality with more focal opacities in the left lung  base, left perihilar region, and right upper lobe which are not significantly changed when  compared to the prior exam.
1.  Right PICC appears to terminate in the lower SVC.  2.  Marked improvement in bilateral pleural effusions and heterogeneous opacities when  compared to the prior study.
Chronic interstitial lung disease, previously characterized as UIP or  fibrosing NSIP.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Severe interstitial lung disease with patchy opacities in the right upper  and lower lung worrisome for superimposed pneumonia.
Chronic changes compatible with pulmonary fibrosis without definite acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Persistent opacification of the medial right lower lung.  Small right pleural  effusion.
Right basilar opacity, potentially atelectasis noting that infection  cannot be entirely excluded.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumothorax.
Low lung volumes with probable bibasilar atelectasis and trace left pleural  effusion.  Known fracture of the left 11th rib is not clearly delineated on this  exam.
Interval increase in bilateral upper lobe opacities, right  greater than left.  While this could be due to asymmetric edema, superimposed infection  is not excluded.
1.  Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.  2.  Chronic lung disease such as sarcoidosis.  3.  Improving right upper lobe pneumonia.
1. Standard positioning of the endotracheal and orogastric tubes.  2. Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  3. Diffuse gaseous distention of the bowel loops within the upper abdomen.
Bilateral upper lobe scarring without definite acute cardiopulmonary  process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged bilateral upper lobe opacities consistent with chronic fibrosis.
Streaky opacities in the upper lobes likely reflect residua of recent  pneumonia vs. scarring.  Probable small effusion.
No evidence of acute disease.
Right upper lobe pneumonia.  Followup radiograph after treatment is  recommended to ensure resolution.
1.  Right upper lobe consolidation with air bronchograms is similar to ___.  2.  Focal tubular lucency within the opacity is new and may reflect cavitation, dilated  airways or spared lung parenchyma.  3.  Opacity in the right lower lobe has progressed since the prior study.
Bilateral upper lung scarring with retraction of bronchovasculature.  No  definite signs of pneumonia.
Persistent left upper lobe, right upper lobe and left lower lobe peribronchial  consolidation.
Subtle opacity in the left lower lobe retrocardiac region is of unclear  etiology.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
Left mid lung and left lower lobe streaky opacities, potentially due to  atelectasis although infection is not excluded.  Chronic scarring/chronic fibrosis in the  right greater than left upper lobes.
Worsening multifocal pneumonia.  Probable mild pulmonary vascular  congestion.
Basilar opacity seen on the lateral view best corresponds to a retrocardiac  opacity suspicious for developing left lower lobe pneumonia or aspiration event in the  setting of altered mental status.  Chronic peribronchiolar opacities seen bilaterally are  similar in distribution and slightly more apparent due to lower lung volumes and AP technique.  There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  The heart size is normal with normal cardiomediastinal silhouette
Low lung volumes.  Patchy opacity in the right lung base may reflect  atelectasis, but infection cannot be excluded.  Continued upward retraction of the hila with  bilateral upper lobe scarring, similar when compared to the prior study.  Findings may  reflect prior sarcoidosis or tuberculosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Improving right upper lobe pneumonia.  2.  Increasing density over most of the left lung with a small left-sided pleural  effusion.
Near complete resolution of right upper lung opacity.  No definite acute  cardiopulmonary process.  Scarring at the upper lobes bilaterally with retraction of the hila and some  nodular densities, particularly in the left upper lung.
Multifocal pneumonia in the right upper lobe, perihilar region and possibly  retrocardiac region.  Recommend repeat after treatment to document resolution.
1.  Unchanged right upper lobe consolidation, which may represent old pneumonia.  2.  Stable chronic lung disease.
1.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  2.  Stable moderate subpulmonic pleural effusion and new small left layering pleural  effusion.
Increased opacity projecting over the right hemi thorax likely due to increased  right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, underlying infectious process not  excluded.
Increased loculated right pleural effusion.  Stable small left effusion
1. New focal opacities in the right lung, suspicious for areas of infection.  2. Chronic loculated right pleural effusion.
1.  Improved right basilar nodular opacification since ___.  2.  Persistent moderate layering right pleural effusion.  3.  Increased opacities in the right lower lobe, which may reflect a combination of  atelectasis and/or pneumonia.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  More confluent  opacities in the right upper lobe and left infrahilar regions, which could be seen with  atelectasis, although pneumonia is not excluded.
Moderate-to-severe emphysema.  7 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe has not  changed.
1.  Endotracheal tube positioned 4.1 cm from the level of the carina.  2.  Opacification of the right lung with relative sparing of the apex,  as well as basilar left lung opacity.  3.  Focal nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring 8 mm.  Correlate  clinically and consider chest CT for further evaluation.    NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr.
Mild pulmonary edema, slightly improved in the interval.  Patchy bibasilar  airspace opacities may reflect areas of atelectasis, but infection particularly in  the left lung base cannot be completely excluded.
1.  Increased pulmonary edema as well as right upper and lower lobe consolidations  compatible with multifocal pneumonia.  2.  Left-sided IJ central venous catheter tip in the left brachiocephalic vein.
1.  Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the main pulmonary artery.  2.  Slight improvement in moderate-to-severe pulmonary edema.  3.  Unchanged right upper lobe parenchymal opacity.  4.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
No significant change in the left mid lung zone airspace opacity.    Pulmonary vascular congestion.
1. Small left pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.  2. Rounded right midlung opacity compatible with previously described septic  embolus is decreased in size from the prior study.  3. Left mid lung rounded consolidation is more conspicuous than previously seen.   Potential etiologies include developing pneumonia, additional septic embolUS or  collection of fissural fluid, though the lateral argues against the latter.  4.
Interval intubation with the tip of the endotracheal tube positioned 3.3 cm  above the carina.  Increasing bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  Unchanged bilateral mid lung opacities, which likely reflect consolidative  infectious process given history of septic emboli.  2.  Stable bibasilar atelectasis with left greater than right effusions.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild congestion difficult to exclude in the correct  clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than  right.
Bibasilar opacities with blunting of the costophrenic angles could be  due to effusions.  Mild pulmonary edema.  Cardiomegaly.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Ill-defined opacity in the left upper lobe is concerning for pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
Previously seen left lower lobe opacity has resolved on the frontal  view but may persist on lateral view obscuring the posterior costophrenic angle,  which could represent a component of residual infection and/or atelectasis.
Subtle opacity in the right lower lobe concerning for early pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Small focal opacity projecting over the lateral right lower hemithorax, may  represent overlapping structures, but further evaluation is recommended with shallow obliques to  assess for possible pulmonary nodule.
Increased opacification in the left lung base with obscuration of the left  hemidiaphragm when compared to ___.  Findings are concerning for pneumonia.
Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Severe emphysema.
Emphysema without superimposed acute process.
Emphysema with increased interstitial markings at the left lung base,  potentially due to infection in the proper clinical setting.
Cardiomegaly with central venous engorgement and small bilateral pleural  effusions.
1.  Small right pleural effusion, decreased in size compared to the prior study.  2.  Stable moderate to severe cardiomegaly.
Moderate right pleural effusion, similar in size from the previous study.
1.  Endotracheal tube 7 cm from the carina and at the level of the clavicular  head is in proper position.  2.  No pneumothorax.
Emphysema, more severe in the right upper lobe than the left.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Emphysema.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  Equivocal ground-glass opacity on the frontal view,  which appears less conspicuous on the lateral view most likely attributable to underpenetrated  technique.
1.  Interval resolution of pulmonary edema and possible right lower lobe  consolidation.  2.  Resolution of central vascular engorgement.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary congestion.
Mild cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.
Stable mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
1. New pulmonary and mediastinal vascular congestion, perihilar haziness and  chronic moderate cardiomegaly.  2. New right infrahilar consolidation could be regional edema or concurrent  pneumonia.
Hyperinflation without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Large left lung mass, better visualized on the ___ PET-CT.  2.  Bibasilar atelectasis.  3.  Coarse interstitial markings in the left upper lobe may reflect emphysema.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Left bailar opacity, which may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  Port-A-Cath positioned appropriately.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with perihilar atelectasis.  No radiographic evidence for acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with streaky right basilar atelectasis.
Mild bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and increased retrocardiac  opacity, which may reflect pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Low lung volumes.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.
No evidence of acute disease.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Low lung volumes with patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, likely atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Nodular opacities in the right  infrahilar region likely reflect vascular shadows.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute disease.
Low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild basilar atelectasis.  Calcified ovoid structure projecting over the  mediastinum likely a calcified lymph node.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  No evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Retrocardiac opacity, more conspicuous from prior exam, which may represent  atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2.  Small left pleural effusion.  3.  Apparent thickening of minor fissure.
Persistence of right middle lobe opacities since ___ is concerning for  pneumonia.
1.  Extensive pneumomediastinum and subcutaneous emphysema following tracheobronchial  stent placement.  2.  Small bilateral pneumothoraces.  3.  Asymmetrically distributed heterogeneous opacities in the right mid and lower lobe could  reflect asymmetrical edema, aspiration, or hemorrhage in the post procedural setting.
The heart remains stably enlarged which may reflect cardiomegaly, although pericardial effusion  should also be considered.  Lungs appear well inflated without evidence of focal airspace consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.  No pulmonary edema or pneumothorax.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.
Interval removal of right chest tube without evidence of pneumothorax.
1.  Worsening loculated right pleural effusion.  2.  Increased hazy opacification of the right hemithorax, mainly due to the  oblique positioning of the patient.  3.  Mild vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Endotracheal tube, nasogastric tube, and right internal jugular central  line are unchanged in position.  Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are stable.   Lung volumes remain low with patchy bibasilar opacities likely reflecting compressive  atelectasis, although pneumonia cannot be entirely excluded.  No pulmonary edema or  pneumothorax.
Pneumonia pneumothorax in the right mid to lower lung.  Small left pleural  effusion.
Stable post-operative chest findings.  No evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute findings.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary edema with slight improvement compared to ___.
1.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, not significantly changed.  2.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion.  3.  Small hiatal hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Near complete resolution of previously noted mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  No focal  consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1. Endotracheal and enteric tubes in standard positions.  2. Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Status post removal of ETT and chest tube.  No pneumothorax.
Since ___, left lower lung atelectasis, mild-to-moderate pleural  effusion and mild right pleural effusion have improved.
1.  Enlarged opacity abutting the right mediastinum is the patient's known dilated  esophagus.  2.  Opacities at the left lung base are either atelectasis, likely due to  low lung volumes or aspiration in the right clinical context.
No evidence of acute disease.
No significant interval change in dilated distal esophagus and  achalasia.
Nasogastric catheter terminates in the esophagus at the level of the posterior  costophrenic sulcus.
No significant interval change.  Persistent right pleural effusion and  atelectasis.
Marked elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with adjacent compressive  atelectasis or consolidation.  Possible small right pleural effusion.
Unchanged loculated right basilar pneumothorax.
Persistent partially collapsed right lung with pleural effusion  versus pleural thickening.  Right hydropneumothorax with an air-fluid level.
Cardiomegaly with pericardial effusion and left basilar plate-like  atelectasis, decreased since ___.
No acute intrathoracic process
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New left hilar mass and new left-sided pleural effusion.  2.  Mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly, slightly worsened compared with prior exam.
Multiple pulmonary metastases.  No signs of pneumonia or CHF.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Unchanged asymmetric right greater than left pulmonary edema and moderate  pleural effusion with progressive right sided volume loss and rightward shift of the  mediastinum over the past ___ films.  2. Interval removal of left-sided Swan with sheath still within the left  internal jugular vein.
1.  Interval placement of a right IJ approach tunneled HD catheter, the tip of which  projects over the expected location of the right atrium.  2.  Increased bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left, concerning for  right lower lobe pneumonia.  3.  Small-moderate bilateral pleural effusions, increased from prior.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates no less than 3.4 cm above the carina.  2.  Marked improvement in pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Persistent left retrocardiac opacity.
Tiny right pleural effusion.  No acute cardiothoracic process.
Small right pleural effusion is stable to slightly increased compared to prior and  tracks into the fissures.  Opacity in the right mid to lower lung field is new compared to  ___.  Small right upper lobe perihilar opacity appears stable.  Retrocardiac  linear opacities likely represent basilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Severe cardiomegaly, interstitial and alveolar edema, and small bilateral pleural  effusions.  2.  More confluent opacity in the right middle lobe may represent pneumonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  No evidence of pneumothorax.
Moderate pulmonary edema and trace bilateral pleural effusions.  Bibasilar  opacities may reflect atelectasis, aspiration or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical  setting.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged severe compression deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body.
Normal chest radiograph.
No acute findings in the chest.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Limited study due to underpenetration and body habitus. The lungs appear clear, however  it is not possible to exclude a consolidation in the lateral inferior costophrenic angles.
Moderate cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Moderate right pleural effusion with adjacent lung atelectasis has decreased  since ___.  No new lung opacities of concern for pneumonia.
1.  Interval worsening of now mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema and  bilateral layering pleural effusions with associated bibasilar atelectasis.  2.  Multiple left-sided rib fractures that in retrospect can be demonstrated on  radiographs from ___.
Mild cardiomegaly with minimal interstitial edema.
Findings suggesting pneumonia in the left lower lobe.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Improved pulmonary edema.  Persistent mid right lung hazy opacification,  possibly due to consolidation in this region.
No evidence of acute disease.
1.  Increasing opacification at the right base, which is most likely due to  aspiration, given the acute change.  2.  Stable severe cardiomegaly.
Mild cardiomegaly, scarring at the right lung base.  No signs of pneumonia or  CHF.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and probable small bilateral pleural  effusions.  Bibasilar atelectasis, more pronounced in the right lung base.
Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Severe cardiomegaly with increased interstitial prominence, although no overt  pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable bronchiectasis and scarring at the right base.
1.  Interval improvement of previously mild interstitial edema.  2.  Stable massive cardiomegaly.  3.  Streaky retrocardiac opacities may be a combination of chronic changes and  subsegmental atelectasis.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Small bilateral pleural effusions, larger on the left than on the right.  2.  Improved pulmonary edema with minimal residual edema.  3.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Persistent blunting of the right  costophrenic angle, potentially due to pleural thickening especially in the setting of  multiple prior healed right rib fractures.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Multiple right rib  deformities with associated scarring.
Prominence of the right hilum which is slightly increased since the prior  study, which may relate to patient positioning, although underlying increased  lymphadenopathy cannot be excluded.  No new focal consolidation.
1. Small right pleural effusion.  2. No free air in the abdomen.  3. Stable appearance of multiple pulmonary nodules, better delineated on  recent CT.
Normalization of previously described moderate pulmonary  congestion.  No evidence of acute infiltrates or pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
1. PICC line has migrated slightly more proximally with the distal lead  now in the proximal SVC.  2. Left retrocardiac opacity and a small left-sided pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with resolution of bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Stable right lower lobe opacity consistent with small to moderate pleural  effusion.  2.  Improved asymmetric edema on the left.
New consolidation at the right base is concerning for pneumonia, aspiration, or  less likely infarction.  Stable small bilateral pleural effusions.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Endotracheal tube appropriately positioned.  2.  Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Right PICC with tip terminating in the proximal right atrium, which should be  retracted 2 cm to place in the low SVC.  2. Low lung volumes with mild right basilar atelectasis.
Right upper and lower lobe opacities are new since the prior day, with  indistinctness of the pulmonary vessels, suggesting pulmonary edema. However, concurrent  pneumonia cannot be excluded, in the correct clinical setting.
1.  Small left pleural effusion.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Slight interval improvement in pulmonary vascular congestion and left  retrocardiac atelectasis.  Small right pleural effusion is not changed, and a minor area of  opacity at the right base appears similar to the recent study but improvement  compared to earlier radiographs.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, greater on the right than the left with  bibasilar atelectasis.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Diffuse increased interstitial markings compatible with the patient's known  history of lymphangiomyomatosis.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality otherwise noted.
Cystic lung disease without superimposed pneumonia.  Known lymphangiomyomatosis.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Reticular interstitial pattern consistent with known ___.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Diffuse interstitial abnormality with small nodules, not significantly changed.
Diffuse interstitial abnormality, which may be due to pulmonary  edema or chronic interstitial lung disease.  No evidence of pneumonia.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Diffusely increased interstitial markings bilaterally, compatible with known  lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
No acute intrathoracic process. Stable cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No change in left pneumonectomy space which remains ___ full of fluid.  2.  Stable shift of mediastinal structures to the left.
Complete collapse of the left lung with hyperexpansion of the right lung and  marked shift of the mediastinum and trachea to the left.
1. Right central line tip in the mid SVC.  2. Decreased left pleural effusion.
No evidence of acute disease.
Extensive right hilar mass with radiation fibrosis, better delineated on CT  ___.  An additional component of postobstructive pneumonia may be present.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Follow-up chest radiograph in ___ weeks after completion of  treatment is recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
No significant interval change since the prior study.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable mild-to-moderate cardiomegaly.
No pneumothorax.  Stable cardiomegaly.
Left perihilar pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephoneon ___ at 3:05 PM, 5 minutes after  discovery of the findings.
Worsening left lung opacification, likely due to a large left pleural  fluid collection in the setting of lobectomy versus less likely left lung collapse.
Interval increase in opacification of the left chest with  elevation of the hemidiaphragm likely due to phrenic nerve paralysis.
Known left hilar mass.  No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Increased nodular pleural thickening and central adenopathy in the left hilus and adjacent  mediastinum since the prior exam.  2.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Increased opacity at the right base may be due to infectious process or  aspiration.  2. Stable moderate left pleural effusion.
Moderate cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.
Moderate right pleural effusion with mild right basilar atelectasis.
Improved vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis and possible small pleural  effusion.  Gaseous distention of the stomach and possibly the colon.
Decreased size of right pleural effusion with improved aeration of the  right lung base. Persistent retrocardiac atelectasis and probable left pleural  effusion. Moderate pulmonary edema.
1. New lucency beneath the right hemidiaphragm concerning for intra-abdominal  free air.  2. Bibasilar consolidations may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter has been pulled back now  terminating in the mid SVC.
Right IJ central venous catheter projects over the right atrium.  No  pneumothorax.
1. Endotracheal tube 4 cm above the carina.  2. Minimal plate-like atelectasis in the superior portions of the bilateral lower  lobes.
1.  New small right pleural effusion with fluid within the fissure.  2.  Right basilar opacity is similar as on prior radiographs and may represent  atelectasis; however, infection cannot be excluded.  3.  Unchanged peripheral left upper lobe opacity.
1.  Small right apical and basal pneumothorax persists but is significantly decreased  than on the prior study.  2.  Right Pleurx catheter in place with significant decrease in right pleural  effusion.
Large right hydropneumothorax with a moderate amount of fluid.  Hazy  opacities involving the right middle and lower lobes may represent hemorrhage or  infectious process rather than reexpansion edema.
Substantial increase in the right pleural effusion that is partly subpulmonic.
1. Unchanged large right hydropneumothorax without evidence of tension.  2. Improved aeration of the right middle and lower lobes.
Increased opacity in the left lower lung concerning for worsening  effusion and consolidation.  Extensive nodularity in the lungs compatible with metastatic  disease.
Extensive metastatic disease in the chest with loculated left pleural  effusion.  Please note evaluation for subtle differences would be limited due to  extensive underlying metastatic burden.
1.  Interval decrease in size of the left pleural effusion, which is now moderate in  severity.  2.  Persistent bilateral consolidations, more dense on the left, consistent with  multifocal pneumonia.  3.  Extensive nodularity consistent with metastatic disease.
Large left perihilar mid-to-lower lung opacity which on the prior CT  corresponded to innumerable pulmonary nodules, although superimposed infection cannot be  excluded.  Nodular opacities in the right lung to a lesser extent than on the right are  again seen.  There is blunting of the left costophrenic angle likely  corresponding to pleural effusion and is also seen on prior CT.
1.  Persistent patchy opacification in the left mid and lower lung fields,  unchanged from the prior exam.  2.  Improved right lower lung aeration with resolution of the previously seen  opacity.  3.  Multiple small nodules are consistent with the patient's known history of metastatic  renal cell carcinoma.
Left-sided chest tube with tip projecting over the left lung apex.   Increased lucency in the left hemithorax, no discrete pleural line is identified based on  this supine film.
Interval placement of a left-sided chest tube with overlying subcutaneous  gas.  Otherwise, no change.
Small right pleural effusion, similar to 10 hours prior.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Unchanged small right pleural effusion.  3. Multiple rib fractures in early stages of healing.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Moderate to large right-sided pleural effusion, slightly increased in volume  compared to prior examination with collapse of much of the right lower lobe and  right middle lobe.  Right upper lobe consolidation could be due to compressive  atelectasis.
Bilateral pleural effusions, new from prior exam with subjacent  consolidation which could represent compressive atelectasis or pneumonia.
1.  Persistent bilateral small to moderate pleural effusions.  2.  Marked cardiomegaly with mild to moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  6 mm rounded opacity in the left retrocardiac region, to the left of the descending  aortic interface.  It overlies the tenth posterior rib level and is not definitively  calcified but overlap with rib limits this assessment.  Correlate clinically.  3.  Small right pleural effusion.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Calcification projecting over the cardiac silhouette to the left of the aorta is  not clearly localized on this single frontal radiograph, however, was not present on the  examination of ___.
Worsening bilateral pleural effusions and associated atelectasis,  greater on the right.  Worsening pulmonary vascular congestion.
New mild pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis.  Unchanged bilateral pleural  effusions.
Increasing bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary vascular  congestion in comparison with the previous portable chest examination.
Moderate pulmonary edema has progressed since yesterday.
1.  Improved mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema since yesterday.  2.  Unchanged moderate right pleural effusion associated with lower lung atelectasis and  small left pleural fluid.
Severe cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right internal jugular dialysis catheter terminates within the right atrium.  2.  Stable severe cardiomegaly and chronic subclincal pulmonary edema.
Stable severe cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Severe cardiomegaly. Area of increase density overlying the right hilum with a  sharp lower margin is of unclear clinical significance. Recommend further evaluation with  chest CT.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, increased compared to radiographs from  ___.  Stable small bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Endotracheal tube terminates 2.8 cm above the carina.  2. Bibasilar opacities are larger and could reflect atelectasis or an aspiration  event.  Worsening infection cannot be excluded.  3. Small left pleural effusion.
1. Endotracheal tube terminates 2 cm above the carina.  2. Right upper lung opacities are better assessed on the recent chest CT but  suspicious for pneumonia.
Marked decrease in left-sided pleural effusion.  No evidence of  pneumothorax.
1.  Rounded opacity in the right upper lobe, concerning for pneumonia.  2.  No evidence of pulmonary edema.
1.  Unchanged small left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  Endotracheal tube 5.3 cm from the carina.  2.  Stable left basilar atelectasis and small pleural effusion.
Right apical opacity is stable and concerning for either a nodule or  infection.
Stable chest findings, no significant interval change since the next preceding  study of ___.
1.  Right upper lobe/suprahilar opacity underlying fiducial seed has increased  since the prior study, raising concern for progression of malignancy.  2.  Bilateral pleural effusions, which may be at least partially loculated.
1.  Stable right upper lobe mass with fiducial marker in place as well as a  right perihilar mass consistent with the patient's known malignancy.  2.  Small right and moderate left pleural effusions, with considerable left lower lobe  atelectasis or consolidation, which is stable from both the prior radiographs and the  cross-sectional imaging.
No evidence of acute disease.
1.  Right subclavian approach central venous catheter with tip in the lower SVC.  No  pneumothorax.  2.  Low lung volumes and mild pulmonary edema.  3.  Retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis and a small effusion.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and left pleural effusion with  loculation posteriorly.  Persistent right upper lobe/suprahilar opacity, not  significantly changed from two weeks prior.
Stable chest findings.  Subdiaphragmatic air, new since the next preceding  examination of ___.
1. New patchy opacity in the left lower lobe, which may be representative of  developing pneumonia.  2. Stable loculated small left pleural effusion and small right pleural  effusion.
1.  Increased perihilar streaky opacities, which suggests pulmonary edema.    2.  Right suprahilar pulmonary mass, better correlated on cross-sectional imaging.
1.  Interval increase in the bilateral pulmonary edema status post extubation.  2.  Complete obscuration of the costophrenic angles suggestive of bilateral pleural  effusions.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild-to-moderate pulmonary edema.
Improved pulmonary edema.  Unchanged right-sided pleural effusion.
Chronic interstitial lung disease with waxing and waning pulmonary edema  and infection.  Stable bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Interval decrease in pulmonary edema.  2.  Endotracheal tube is no less than 6.2 cm from the carina, could be advanced 2 cm for  optimal placement.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No free intraperitoneal air.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions seen only on the lateral view have  decreased since ___.
Small-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis,  improved since ___.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Partially imaged upper abdomen demonstrates prominent air-filled large bowel  loops.
No evidence of acute disease.
Mild interstitial edema or atypical infection.
Increased right pleural effusion with possible underlying parenchymal  abnormality.  Persistent left basilar opacity which could be due to atelectasis or  infection.
1.  Significant interval improvement in the right pleural effusion.  2.  Improved aeration of the right lung with residual opacifications likely  representing combination of atelectasis and known malignancy; cannot exclude  superimposed infectious process.  3.  Large subpulmonic effusion as seen on ___ chest CT.
Moderate to large right and small left pleural effusions, not significantly  changed in the interval. Right basilar opacification is likely due to atelectasis,  although infection cannot be excluded.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  2.  Unchanged post-treatment appearance of the right hemithorax with upper right rib  resection and volume loss.
1.  New left lower lobe pneumonia.  2.  Stable right lung volume loss status post thoracotomy.
New small bilateral pleural effusions.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New moderate-to-large right-sided pleural effusion with extensive  coinciding parenchymal atelectasis, substantially increased since the prior studies.  2.  Improved aeration of the left lower lobe and resolution of a small left-sided  pleural fluid.  3.  Mild interstitial abnormality suggesting mild fluid overload.
1.  Stable postsurgical changes of a right upper lobectomy and right upper rib  resection.  2.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Status post right upper lobectomy with interval improvement of right pleural  effusion. No new focal consolidations concerning for pneumonia.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Chronic deformity of the upper right thorax relates to prior chest wall resection.  3.  Scarring at the right lung base, not significantly changed.
Improved pulmonary edema. No evidence of pneumonia.
1.  Ill-defined opacity in posterior lower lung in the retrocardiac region  overlying the lower spine is concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Bilateral prominent pulmonary arteries raise the concern for pulmonary artery  hypertension.
Resolution of left lower lobe pneumonia.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Findings concerning for pneumonia in the right upper lobe.
Significant decrease in right mid to upper lung opacity.  No new  consolidations.
1.  New right upper lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Ill-defined nodular opacity in the right upper lung field measuring up to 10 mm,  likely infectious in etiology.  3.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pneumothorax.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of cardiac enlargement.  No  pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Interval placement of a right pleural pigtail catheter with associated  decrease in size of a small right effusion.  Persistent right basilar atelectasis.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of pneumothorax.
1.  Stable appearance of the right hemithorax including the clips.  2.  Increased gas filling of the colon interposed between the chest wall and the  liver, and continued elevation of the Right hemidiaphragm.  3.  No pneumothorax.
Small right pleural effusion with chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and  right basilar atelectasis.
Stable chest findings, no significant pneumothorax in the  apical area.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Resolution of previously seen left perihilar consolidation and bilateral pleural  effusions.  2.  Stable mediastinal and paratracheal opacities, likely secondary to goiter  seen on chest CT from ___.
No evidence of acute disease.
Possible minimal left basilar linear atelectasis/scarring.  Otherwise,  no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Known mass in the left upper lobe is not clearly identified. No new opacity  concerning for pneumonia.
1. New lingular opacity which could reflect an area of infection.  2. Previously noted left upper lobe mass appears more vague with surrounding ill-defined  opacity, possibly related to infection.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Previously described left upper lobe mass is not seen on this radiograph.  2.  Linear opacities in the left upper lung can be and a sequelae of prior  treatment lung carcinoma.
Severe cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly worse in the  interval.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with superimposed interstitial edema.
Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema.  No evidence of  pneumoperitoneum.
1.  Right tunneled internal jugular central venous catheter ends in the mid-to-low  SVC.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Moderate cardiomegaly and bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  ET tube terminates 3.9 cm above the carina.  2.  Slight interval worsening of bibasilar atelectasis and moderate bilateral  pleural effusions, left greater than right.
Mild pulmonary edema is unchanged.  Bibasilar opacities may reflect  atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
1. Endotracheal and orogastric tubes in standard positions.  2. Worsening pulmonary edema with probable layering left pleural effusion.  3. Persistent bibasilar airspace opacities may reflect atelectasis, aspiration or  infection.
Mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.
Low lung volumes with increased interstitial markings which may be due to  pulmonary edema, although superimposed infection cannot be excluded.
1.  Right IJ catheter with tip in the mid to low SVC.  2.  Increased vascular congestion since previous imaging.
1.  Severe cardiomegaly has increased since ___ with right and left  atrial enlargement, consistent with right heart decompensation.  2.  Possible small left pleural effusion.  3.  No focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  Interval increase in moderate pulmonary edema with interstitial thickening and  perihilar vascular congestion.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute disease.
Severe cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.   Possible small nodule in the right mid lung zone could be evaluated electively with  chest CT if indicated.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary infiltrates.
Moderate cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar airspace opacities could reflect atelectasis though infection or  aspiration cannot be excluded.  Unchanged severe cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary vascular  engorgement.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and mild interstitial edema.
Left basilar opacity may represent pneumonia in the proper clinical  setting.  Unchanged marked cardiomegaly.
Retrocardiac opacity with subtle air bronchograms could reflect left lower lobe  pneumonia.  Small left pleural effusion cannot be excluded.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable severe cardiomegaly.
Severe cardiomegaly with small left greater than right pleural  effusions.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and new small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Subtle increased interstitial markings in the left mid lung zone, with possible  mild peribronchial thickening. No lobar consolidation is seen.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Prominent bilateral interstitial lung markings are on changed.
Chronic lung disease. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial abnormality suggesting slight fluid overload.  No  evidence of acute disease.
1. No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2. Unchanged chronic interstitial lung disease.
As above.
Cardiomegaly without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Chronic interstitial fibrosis without superimposed acute  process.
Stable cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate to severe pulmonary edema.
1.  Worsening interstitial pulmonary edema.  2.  New small left pleural effusion.
Cardiomegaly with chronic interstitial markings.  No acute cardiopulmonary  process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Pulmonary vascular engorgement and mild interstitial edema.  Subtle  increase in bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable diffuse interstitial opacities, thought to represent chronic hypersensitivity  pneumonitis on chest CT from ___.
Mild pulmonary edema and tiny right pleural effusion.
Diffuse bilateral interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease,  unchanged since ___. No new areas of focal consolidation or pleural effusions.
Diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally consistent with chronic  interstitial lung disease. No new areas of focal consolidation seen.
Chronic interstitial lung disease. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial edema, improved since ___.
Diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally, similar to prior,  consistent with chronic lung disease. No focal consolidation is seen.
Moderate cardiomegaly is unchanged compared to exams dating back to ___, however appears slightly increased compared to  exams from ___. There has been interval increase in moderate pulmonary vascular  congestion and diffuse bilateral interstitial lung markings as well as peribronchiolar  cuffing concerning for pulmonary edema. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right-sided Morgagni  hernia is unchanged. Compression deformities of the mid thorac
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Diffuse prominence of the interstitial markings may be due to chronic underlying  interstitial lung disease. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema, underlying interstitial lung disease not  excluded.
Chronic interstitial lung disease.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Chronic interstitial lung disease without definite acute cardiopulmonary  process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.  Unchanged widening of the superior  mediastinum is due to both mediastinal lipomatosis and tortuous vessels as seen on  the prior CT from ___.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Chronic diffuse interstitial abnormality, as seen on the CT from ___.  2.  Unchanged mild cardiomegaly.  3.  Small right-sided Morgagni hernia.
Bilateral interstitial opacities likely represent interstitial edema.
1.  No evidence of pneumonia.  2.  Stable interstitial lung disease, better characterized on CT chest dated ___.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
Trace left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate interstitial edema.  Cardiomegaly.
Trace left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary  abnormality.
Continued improvement in pulmonary edema.  Unchanged moderate bilateral  effusions.
Increasing left hemithorax opacity with linear areas of lucency  which may represent air bronchograms.  This finding is consistent with edema or  developing consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Right internal jugular catheter tip projects within the mid SVC.  2.  Increased lucency in the left aspect of the aortic knob, that though may be  projectional, pneumomediastinum cannot be excluded.  3.  Improved pulmonary vascular engorgement and bibasilar atelectasis.
Moderate pulmonary edema, likely with both interstitial and alveolar  components.
Mild interstitial edema.
Marked cardiomegaly, unchanged.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right middle lobe and lingular opacities concerning for pneumonia.   Followup radiographs after treatment are recommended to ensure resolution of this  finding.
1.  Mild interval decrease of a still moderate right pleural effusion.  2.  Increased opacification involving the right mid lung zone, likely atelectasis and  effusion; however, pneumonia cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.  3.  Stable fibrotic changes involving both lungs with left apical scarring  compatible with prior tuberculosis exposure.
Moderate right pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis,  underlying consolidation cannot be excluded.  Large area of right mid-to-lower lung  opacity is better assessed on prior CT from ___.  Streaky and fibrotic  opacities in the right lung involving the upper, mid and lower lung fields, most  noted in the left mid lung field, also seen on the prior study.  No large left pleural  effusion is seen.
1.  Stable moderate layering right pleural effusion since ___.  2.  No evidence of pneumonia.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Interval development of small bilateral pleural effusions. Underlying  consolidation is not excluded.  2.  Dilated fluid-filled esophagus.
Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities, likely atelectasis.
Findings suggesting mild congestive heart failure.
No acute findings in the chest.
1.  Increased density in the retrocardiac area in the left hemidiaphragm is  nonspecific, but could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2.  Right internal jugular catheter terminates in the region of the lower superior  vena cava.
1.  New asymmetric opacification of the right mid lung, which may be due to a combination of  pleural effusion and atelectasis, although an area of infection is not excluded.    2.  Increased opacities at the right lung base may also reflect increasing pleural  effusion, although in the appropriate clinical setting pneumonia cannot be excluded.
Mild-to-moderate bilateral pleural effusions with overlying  atelectasis.  Mild interstitial edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Hyperinflation without acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.  2. Incidental note is made of a 9 mm lung nodule projecting over the right anterior  second rib interspace. Further evaluation with chest CT is recommended.
Increased pulmonary edema.  Borderline cardiomegaly.
Mild pulmonary edema.
1. Slight improvement of underlying pulmonary edema compared to ___.  2. Small left pleural effusion.
Interstitial opacities appear more conspicuous on the current exam which  could be due to component of lower lung volumes and technique however superimposed  interstitial edema is suspected.
Stable mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.
Interval improvement in the degree of pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema and moderate left pleural effusion.
1.  No pneumothorax following removal of right-sided chest tube.  2.  Worsening pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.
Low lung volumes with persistent retrocardiac opacity likely reflecting  combination of effusion and atelectasis/consolidation.  Stable mild pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema. Hazy opacities in the left upper lung and right lung base  could reflect atelectasis or focal edema, although cannot exclude pneumonia or  aspiration in the right clinical setting.
Slight interval improvement in extent of interstitial pulmonary edema.
Interval development of moderate pulmonary edema.
Moderate left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis, left base  consolidation not excluded.  Persistent pulmonary edema, possibly asymmetric on the  left.
Mild vascular congestion with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Diffuse right greater than left opacities have progressed compared to prior study in  the background of emphysema.
1.  Right mid and lower lung opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia.  2.  Rounded lucencies projecting over right hemithorax, are suggestive of cavities or  abscess formation.  3.  Small-to-moderate right pleural effusion.  4.  Ground-glass opacity most pronounced in the left mid lung zone.
1.  Widespread airspace opacities, more prominent on the right, are consistent with  diffuse pneumonia.  2.  Known abscess in the right lower lobe is better seen in detail on recent CT scan.
1.  Improved ground-glass opacification in the right lower and middle lobes,  consistent with resolving pneumonia.  2.  Unchanged moderate right basilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Low lung volumes with probable bibasilar atelectasis.  2.  Worsening T8 vertebral compression fractures.
Slightly increased opacity at the right base may represent atelectasis; however  developing pneumonia cannot be excluded.
Nasogastric tube with its side port below the GE junction.
NG tube tip now seen around the level of the diaphragmatic hiatus.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
1.  Nasogastric tube terminates in the upper esophagus.  2.  Moderate amount of air in the stomach.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute disease.
1. No evidence of pneumonia.  2. Mild decrease in sarcoidosis including upper lobe fibrosis and traction bronchiectasis.
Mild cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions are stable.  No pneumothorax.
Bilateral upper lung reticular and nodular opacities with associated  volume loss, stable compared to the prior study.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable bilateral upper lung reticular nodular opacities consistent with  history of sarcoidosis.
Stable scarring/fibrosis in the mid-to-upper lungs.
1.  Stable bilateral linear opacities in the upper lungs with suggestion of  local fibrosis.  2.  No evidence of new micronodules.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable enlargement of the bilateral hila.
Stable mild pulmonary vascular engorgement.
1.  Right-sided PICC line ends in the mid SVC.  2.  Interval increase in pulmonary vascular congestion without frank edema.  3.  Small right pleural effusion.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Would recommend non-emergent CT of the chest to  ensure resolution of previously detected lingular opacity as well as multiple additional  lung nodules described in detail on prior CT chest.
Left-sided dual lumen subclavian central venous catheter tip within the proximal right  atrium, coursing through a vascular stent within the left brachiocephalic vein and  superior vena cava.  No pneumothorax.  Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.
1.  Small right pleural effusion.  2.  Unchanged moderate to severe cardiomegaly.
Vascular stent in place.  Possible small right effusion.
Mild bibasilar atelectasis and trace bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Possible mild vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no significant interval  change.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Subtle opacities throughout both lungs, most notable at the base of the right  lung obscuring the right heart border, are suggestive of multifocal infection.   An area of focal opacity projected over the left mid lung could represent an additional  area of consolidation.  In addition, there is increased vascular congestion, that should be  re-assessed after diuresis.
Vague opacity projecting over the right mid/lower lung which could represent  pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  New patchy airspace opacities in the bilateral lung bases, concerning for  aspiration.  2.  Chronic right pleural effusion and scarring related to radiation treatment.  3.  Unchanged 8 mm nodular opacity within the right lower lobe.
1.  Persistent ill-defined opacity in the right upper lobe, which has changed  configuration since ___.  2.  Unchanged small right effusion or pleural thickening.  3.  Stable 8 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule.
1.  No evidence of active intrathoracic infection.  2.  Resolved multifocal pneumonia.  3.  Persistent blunting of the right posterior pleural sulcus could be due to  scarring or a small chronic pleural effusion.  4.  Emphysema.
New right lower lobe airspace opacity is likely due to aspiration pneumonia.
Patchy opacities in the right mid and lower lung fields as well as to a lesser extent  within the left lung base concerning for aspiration pneumonia.  Small bilateral pleural  effusions, new in the interval.
1. New heterogenous opacities involving the right upper lobe and right lower lobe,  compatible with patient's recent history of aspiration.  2. Small right pleural effusion is not significantly changed from prior.  3. Opacity along the medial aspect of the right apex likely represents post-radiation  changes, and was noted as far back as the ___.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Retrocardiac opacity on the right is consistent with neo esophagus.
Mild blunting of the right CP angle could reflect a tiny effusion or pleural  thickening.
1.  Increased vague opacity in the right mid lung superimposed on bony  coalition may represent recurrent pneumonia.  2.  Known gastric pull-through for esophageal cancer is not distended.  3.  Right lower lobe nodule is similar in size through ___.
Hyperinflation without definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Probable small left  pleural effusion.  Right neo esophagus.
No significant interval change when compared to the prior study.
Near resolution of previously reported right lower lobe pneumonia with only  mild residual peribronchiolar opacification remaining in the right infrahilar area.
Status post radiation therapy in the right lung.  No evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Interstitial opacities within the right upper lobe are thought to represent  recurrent pneumonia.  2.  Right lower lobe nodule is unchanged in size through ___.  3.  Small right pleural effusion and apical scarring persists.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Increased opacity in the right lung, particularly projecting over the  base.  While this could be due to a combination of atelectasis and scarring,  superimposed infection is not excluded.  Subtle opacity at the left lung base as well.   Right lung base nodule is less well seen on the current exam, potentially projectional,  and adequate comparison for interval change is not possible on this exam.
Worsening opacification within the right upper lobe is concerning for recurrent  pneumonia or aspiration.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema.  NG tube terminates outside the field of view.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar atelectasis with chronic elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and  small subpulmonic effusion.  Diffuse gaseous distention of bowel loops in the upper abdomen.
1.  Small right pleural effusion, slightly larger than on ___.  2.  Elevation of the right lung base has been increasing slowly over the  past ___ years.  3.  Right basilar linear atelectasis is unchanged.
Trace right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis, not significantly  changed.
New right lung base opacity compatible with at least some component of  pleural effusion with underlying airspace disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Minimal right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Emphysema.
Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with possible trace right pleural  effusion and overlying atelectasis.  No new focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
1. Left central venous catheter terminates in the lower SVC.  No evidence of  pneumothorax.  2. Unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and small pleural effusion.
Decreased though persistent right hydropneumothorax with incomplete reexpansion  of the right lung.  Right lower lung opacifications may reflect combination of  re-expansion edema and atelectasis.
1.  Decreased size of large right pleural effusion following thoracocentesis and  pigtail catheter placement.  2.  Persistent collapse of the right lower lobe and possibly partial collapse of  the right upper lobe.  3.  Ill-defined opacity in the left suprahilar region which was new on ___  radiograph is likely an aspiration pneumonia.
Interval decrease in size of right-sided pneumothorax.   Interval enlargement of the right pleural effusion.
Stable chest findings, no significant interval change.
1.  New right pigtail catheter in the lower hemithorax.  2.  Unchanged large right hydropneumothorax and left upper lobe pneumonia.  3.  Mild pulmonary edema.
1.  Improved aeration of lungs with persistent loculated right basilar  hydropneumothorax.  2.  Small left pleural effusion.
Interval resolution of the right pneumothorax with continued increase in  the right pleural effusion which is now large.
1. OG feeding tube coiled within the stomach with the tip pointing towards the fundus.  2. Unchanged moderate loculated right pleural effusion.  3. Stable left mid and lower lung opacities.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged chronic elevation of right hemidiaphragm.
Mild central pulmonary vascular engorgement.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Stable prominence of the right hilum.
1.  Improved vascular congestion.  2.  Hiatal hernia.
Retrocardiac opacification could be due to atelectasis, although an infectious  process cannot be excluded.  Pulmonary vascular congestion without evidence of  interstitial pulmonary edema.  Possible small left pleural effusion.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
1. Diffuse interstitial opacities, predominantly in the right lung base and  probably very mild in the left lung base are present.  When compared to the prior chest CT from ___, these  appear new, and given the clinical history, likely represent lung infection (atypical  viral) or asymmetric pulmonary edema.  In view of history, a possibility of  lymphangitic carcinomatosis also needs to be ruled out.  2. Improved
1.  Increased density of opacification in the right lower hemithorax concerning for  developing infection.  Considerations include atypical infection, though asymmetric  pulmonary edema is possible.  Given history of lung malignancy, lymphangitic  carcinomatosis is also a consideration.  2.  Stable chronic interstitial changes with predominantly paramediastinal and lingular  distribution.  3.  Small pericardial effusion
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Right IJ line ends in the lower SVC/cavoatrial junction.
1.  Unchanged degree of pulmonary edema.  2.  Left lower lobe ateleftasis or pneumonia.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema with minimal right pleural effusion and bibasilar  atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion and  bibasilar atelectasis.
Increased opacity projecting over the right lung base, which raises  concern for underlying consolidation.  Dedicated PA and lateral views of the chest  would be helpful for further evaluation.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  ET tube in appropriate position.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and mild cardiomegaly.  No focal  consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of subdiaphragmatic free air.
Low lung volumes with probable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No infiltrate.
Low lung volumes with left basilar atelectasis.  No focal opacity identified on  concurrent CT.
1.  Retrocardiac opacity without clear correlate on the frontal view, which was  also present on prior radiographs.  2.  Previously noted left lower lung opacity is less conspicuous on this  repeat study, and was likely artifactual due to rightward rotation.
1.  Endotracheal tube is low, 2 cm above the carina.  This could be pulled back 2 to  3 cm for more optimal placement.  2.  Nasogastric tube whose distal tip is poorly seen due to technique but is  at least to the level of the GE junction.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.
Limited study secondary to patient positioning.  No definite acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Patchy opacity at the left lung base is nonspecific, but could be due to  infection or aspiration.  Dedicated PA and lateral views if and when patient able,  would be helpful for further evaluation.
Pulmonary vascular congestion without definite focal consolidation.
1. Left lower lobe opacity likely reflects developing pneumonia versus  atelectasis.  2. Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1. Endotracheal tube terminates 4.1 cm above the carina.  2. Mild vascular congestion with mild pulmonary edema.  3. Increased opacity at the base of the left lung may reflect atelectasis.
Increased opacification of the left base may represent artifact from  patient positioning or atelectasis, however superimposed infection cannot be  excluded.  Probable small left-sided pleural effusion.
New or right middle lobe and lower lobe collapse.  Trace associated layering right pleural effusion.
New parenchymal density in the left hemithorax extending into the  upper lobe.  The patient is intubated and the ETT terminates in the trachea some 5 cm  above the level of the carina.  No pneumothorax identified on either side.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right PICC line has been pulled back and now ends proximal to the junction of the  right subclavian and right internal jugular vein.  2.  Stable mild pulmonary venous engorgement and mediastinal widening.
Hazy left basilar opacity which has been seen on multiple previous  examinations and could represent atelectasis or infection in the proper clinical setting.
1.  Orogastric tube with the tip and side hole below the diaphragm.  2.  Ill-defined opacities at the left base, which likely represent atelectasis,  but an underlying lower lobe pneumonia cannot be excluded.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly and pulmonary hypertension.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Improvement in pulmonary edema and pleural effusions.  Persistent patchy  opacities in the right mid upper and left upper lungs, which are background findings.
Extensive parenchymal opacities with distortion in both apices and chain  sutures in the right upper lobe are reflective of known malignancy and post treatment  changes.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small right pleural effusion.  Right base  consolidation not excluded.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged post-treatment changes in both lungs.
Slight increase in opacity in the left lower lung adjacent to the left heart  border, with improved right basilar opacity.  Small right pleural effusion, slightly  decreased from prior.
Malpositioned right internal jugular central venous catheter.    NOTIFICATION:  The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with RN ___ on the  telephone on ___ at 3:05 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of the findings.
Nasogastric tube has been advanced with the first side port in the proximal  stomach.
1. Worsening left retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis or aspiration.  2. Right pleural effusion appears smaller although this may be due to more upright  positioning.
Worsening pulmonary edema.  Right basilar opacity may be due to fluid overload,  although an underlying consolidation is not excluded.  Small right pleural effusion was  better seen on CT as was left lower lobe opacities.
1. Interval improvement in interstitial edema.  2. Small bilateral effusions.  3. The opacity in the right upper lobe corresponds to the mass demonstrated better on  recent CT.
No evidence of acute disease.
Ill-defined focal opacities within both upper lobes as well as the left lower lobe,  not substantially changed in the interval, and better assessed on the previous CT.
1.  Increased right pleural effusion, now small to moderate.  2.  Left suprahilar opacity is partially attributed to postsurgical scarring as  well as the previously seen consolidation, however is not well evaluated on this single frontal  projection.
Findings suggesting mild interstitial edema with bilateral pleural  effusions.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar  atelectasis.
Worsening moderate pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left.
Mild perihilar fullness, slightly improved compared to the prior exam. Small  bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left are unchanged.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process seen.  2.  Spiculated opacity in the right upper lung is less conspicuous than on the prior  chest radiograph from ___.  3.  Ill-defined opacities in the left mid lung are similar in appearance.  4.  Prior sternal resection with deformity of the anterior chest wall.
Right IJ central venous catheter with tip projecting over the lower SVC.  No  pneumothorax.
Improved aeration of the lungs bilaterally with slight decrease in  moderate right pleural effusion and improving left retrocardiac opacity.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Unchanged moderate right pleural effusion.
Substantial improvement in large right pleural effusion following thoracocentesis  with residual mild-to-moderate fluid.  Ill-defined opacity in the right upper lung is  consolidation unless proven otherwise.
1. Two chest tubes overlie the right base with lucency demonstrated about one,  which may represent a small basilar pneumothorax.  2. Moderate right pleural effusion with pleural fluid layering along the apex and  also demonstrated along medially adjacent to the mediastinum.  3. Persistent asymmetric opacification of the right lung with increased  asymmetric pulmonary vascularity since ___.  4. Right lower lobe atelectasis
Cardiomegaly with mild congestion/edema. Stable nodular opacity in the left mid  lung.
1.  Stable mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.  2.  Possible small right pneumothorax.  3.  Unchanged left mid lung nodular opacity.  4.  Emphysema.
1.  Slight increase in the pulmonary edema and moderate right pleural effusion.  2.  Persistent opacification at the right base may be a pneumonia.
Slight interval increase in size of bilateral pleural effusions which are now  moderate to large.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Subtle peribronchial opacity only seen on frontal view in the left lung  superior and lateral to the left hilus is unchanged since prior examination.  No acute  cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Retrocardiac opacity, improved since ___ days prior.  No acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephoneon ___ at 3:05 PM, 5 minutes after  discovery of the findings.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Previously noted patchy opacity within the right lower lobe seen on CT is not well  visualized on the current exam.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Left PICC terminates in the upper SVC.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new infiltrates.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right PICC terminates in mid SVC.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild pulmonary edema.
Pulmonary vascular congestion without definite superimposed acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Mild interstitial edema and pulmonary vascular engorgement.
Persistent prominence of the hila suggesting vascular engorgement with  possible mild increase in vascular congestion as compared to the prior study.
Cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt  pulmonary edema.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Pulmonary vascular congestion.  Persistent cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with superimposed pulmonary edema.  More dense left basilar  opacity, particularly on the frontal view could be combination of atelectasis noting that  infection is difficult to exclude.
1. Low lying endotracheal tube with tip approximately 1.6 cm above the carina.  2. Unchanged low lung volumes with mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion.  No overt edema seen.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema and elevation of the right  hemidiaphragm.  Evaluation of the left lung base is less than optimal due to underpenetration from  overlying body habitus although no definite focal consolidation is seen.
Low lung volumes with possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion and  small left pleural effusion.  Bibasilar atelectasis.
Bibasilar opacities silhouetting the hemidiaphragms may be due to atelectasis,  aspiration or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
1. Improved aeration of the lungs with persistent bibasilar opacities, although  less consolidated in appearance compared to the prior radiograph.  2. Stable marked cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.
1. Unchanged degree of pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.  2. Stable mild to moderate cardiomegaly.
Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema, similar to slightly increased  compared to ___.  Dense retrocardiac consolidation is likely related to edema but  superimposed consolidation cannot be excluded.
Cardiomegaly with mild to moderate pulmonary edema.
NG tube has been advanced now terminating in the stomach although the side port is  difficult to visualize.
No change.
1. Endotracheal tube lies approximately 5 cm above the carina.  2. Bibasilar opacities persist, more prominent on the left, and most likely representing  atelectasis and small effusion.  In the appropriate clinical setting, superimposed  pneumonia would have to be considered.  3. Stable cardiomegaly.
Improved pulmonary edema, now moderate.
1.  Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Left retrocardiac opacity likely reflects pleural effusion with adjacent  atelectasis.  An underlying left basilar consolidation cannot be excluded.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural  effusions. Bibasilar atelectasis.
1. New endotracheal tube terminates 4.0 cm above the carina.  2. Persistent cardiomegaly, mild to moderate pulmonary edema, and hilar  congestion.
1.  Worsening pulmonary edema with interval increase in small left pleural  effusion.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Worsening CHF.  ET tube 5.4 cm above the carina.
Cardiomegaly, PICC line positioned appropriately. No signs of pneumonia or CHF.
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema. Retrocardiac region not well-visualized potentially in part due to  overlying soft tissues and atelectasis although underlying infection cannot be  excluded.
Pulmonary edema, small effusions.
Moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary hypertension and small bilateral pleural  effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. New opacification of both lower lobes despite no change in lung volumes  compared to the prior study is concerning for pneuomonia.  2. The azygous vein is bigger than before with increased caliber of the left upper lobe  vessels.  3. Flattening of the right humeral head may be due to avascular necrosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute disease.  Nodular focus projecting over the right  lower lung, probably a nipple shadow, although not visualized on prior radiographs.
1.  Slight increase in size of the left pleural effusion.  2.  Stable left pulmonary mass.
Linear interstitial opacities in the left lung may represent fibrosis from  scarring or pneumonia.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with small bilateral effusions and  bibasilar atelectasis.
Faint bibasilar opacities with bronchial wall thickening, similar to that seen on  ___.
Increased focal opacification within the left lower lobe in setting of known transbronchial  biopsy is likely related to focal hemorrhage superimposed on known area of focal  opacifications/though is out of proportion to expected.  No pneumothorax or pleural  effusion.
Interval placement of a left-sided chest tube which appears to terminate  at the level of the medial left diaphragm and may extend to the mediastinum.   Re-expansion of the left lung with opacity in the left mid-to-lower lung which could be  due to pulmonary hemorrhage/contusion, partial collapse, or less likely infection.
Very large left pneumothorax with collapse of the left lung.   Possible slight tension component.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new pulmonary infiltrates.
1.  Small left pleural effusion.  2.  Improving left costophrenic angle opacities, likely sequelae of resolving  atelectasis.
1.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Unchanged subcutaneous air and left lower lobe opacity.
1.  Persistent right middle lobe consolidation consistent with the patient's known  post-obstructive pneumonia.  2.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.  3.  Right hilar lymphadenopathy, better evaluated on recent CT scan.
Findings suggesting pneumonia in the right middle lobe.  Followup radiographs after  treatment are recommended to ensure resolution.
Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Bibasilar opacities suggesting a combination of atelectasis and  pleural effusion.
No significant interval change.  Persistent retrocardiac opacity,  potentially due to combination of atelectasis and/or consolidation.
1.  Left-sided pleural effusion.  2.  Clear lungs.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
Pulmonary edema and vascular congestion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
1.  No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Small right pleural effusion.
1.  Stable massive cardiomegaly and pulmonary artery dilatation.  2.  Unchanged moderate bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Interval increase in size of a now moderate left pleural effusion with  associated left basilar atelectasis.  2.  Improved pulmonary edema.  3.  Unchanged moderate to severe cardiomegaly.
Persistent left pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis.   Left base retrocardiac opacity likely represents combination of effusion and  consolidation, although underlying consolidation is difficult to exclude.
Persistent cardiomegaly and left pleural effusion.  Slight  increase in markings in the right lung base may be artifactual, although underlying  consolidation is not excluded.
Moderate to severe pulmonary edema with bilateral moderate size pleural  effusions.  Mid and lower lung right greater than left pulmonary opacities, may reflect  atelectasis in this setting of effusions and pulmonary edEMA, however a in multifocal  infectious process or aspiration cannot be excluded.
1.  Moderate left pleural effusion, essentially unchanged since prior exam.  2.  Persistent moderate cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  3.  Left lung base consolidation is concerning for pneumonia.  4.  Peripheral right lung base opacity may represent atelectasis or infection in the  appropriate clinical setting.
No pneumothorax identified.  Otherwise, stable examination with  unchanged left base retrocardiac opacification likely representing a combination of  atelectasis and effusion.
1.  Increased left lower lobe atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Stable cardiomegaly.
Cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Increased opacification in the left lower lobe could be a combination of left-sided  pleural effusion with associated atelectasis or in the appropriate clinical  setting, focal consolidation.  2.  Stable small right-sided pneumothorax.  3.  Severe cardiomegaly with an apparent gradual increase in size from  prior studies which is concerning for pericardial effusion.
Moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  Left basilar opacity could be due to  pleural fluid noting that underlying consolidation cannot be excluded.
1.  NG tube in appropriate position.  2.  Linear density on the right base is compatible with aspiration, which may be  related to the position of the NG tube as indicated in the requisition.  3.  No evidence of new pulmonary congestion or pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Mild hyperexpansion likely due to  underlying obstructive lung disease.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Known FDG-avid nodules seen on recent PET-CT are below the threshold of  detection on chest radiograph.
Suspected right middle lobe mass is present since at least ___ and  previously evaluated on CT.  Right basilar fibrosis is also better demonstrated on  prior CT.
1.  Improved aeration of the lungs since ___.  2.  Persistent bibasilar alveolar opacities, which may represent atelectasis or  aspiration.  3.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Moderate left and small right pleural effusions with pulmonary  edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial edema and small bilateral  pleural effusions.  Rounded densities projecting over the peripheral right upper lung zone on  the AP view may represent pulmonary nodules.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval increase in perihilar opacities, right greater than left,  which may be due to infectious process with possible superimposed edema.
1.  Enteric catheter ends either at the gastric antrum or first portion of the duodenum.  2.  No acute cardiac or pulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with small left pleural effusion and mild pulmonary edema.   Small area of consolidation in the left upper lobe concerning for pneumonia.
Very large hiatal hernia with bibasilar atelectasis and small pleural  effusions.
COPD.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Very subtle hazy opacities in the right lower lobe are new compared to the  prior study from ___, possibly atelectasis or a very early pneumonia.  2.  Hyperinflated lungs consistent with asthma and/or COPD.  3.  Unchanged enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.  Calcified nodule in the left mid lung as  seen on prior CT.
Findings concerning for pneumonia in the right lower lobe.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
COPD without definite signs of pneumonia or CHF.  Prominence of the  mediastinal contour likely reflects patient's slight leftward rotation as no  mass was seen on prior CT.
Right basilar opacity without any corresponding opacity seen on the lateral view likely  represents atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  New density in the retrosternal clear space suggests the presence of an anterior  mediastinal lesion, of note in prior CT there were enlarge lymph nodes in this  location.  2.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Persistent prominence of the left hilum which appears site less confluent as  compared to ___, but more prominent as compared to chest radiograph from ___,  underlying lymphadenopathy not excluded.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.    2.  Enlarged left hilum, which may be due to lymphadenopathy or a pericardial effusion.
Obscuration of the right heart border would ordinarily suggest right middle lobe  pneumonia, but there is no corresponding abnormality on the lateral view, and lungs are  otherwise clear.
Findings consistent with pneumonia in the right lower lobe.
Persistent right middle lobe heterogeneous opacity is concerning for  chronic aspiration, although pneumonia could have a similar appearance.
Opacity in the right middle lobe, concerning for an early developing  pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Ovoid lucency projecting over the right tracheobronchial angle and a crescentic  lucency along the junction of the left heart border and aortic lumen and a small  subdiaphragmatic crescentIC lucency are also seen beneath the right hemidiaphragm.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Chest CT is recommended
1.  Interval increase in right pleural effusion, now small to moderate in size.    2.  Decrease in mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and no pulmonary edema.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural  effusions.  Prominent lung markings raise the possibility of chronic lung  disease.
1.  Stable cardiomegaly.  2.  Improved appearance of the previously described left mid upper lung opacity.  3.  Unchanged left lower lobe consolidation.  4.  Possible trace left pleural effusion.
1. 3-cm irregularly marginated mass in the lingula, which has grown since  prior studies.  2. Other previous findings including the right lower lobe round atelectasis and  bilateral pleural plaques/pleural thickening appear unchanged.  3. Stable interstitial opacities in the lower lungs.  4. Hyperinflated lungs suggesting COPD.
Interval improvement of opacities along the right lower lung.
1. Swan-Ganz catheter with tip slightly beyond the mediastinum.  2. Stable mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.
Bilateral pleural thickening and plaques in keeping with history of asbestos  exposure.  Multifocal areas of linear scarring and/or atelectasis.  No  superimposed areas of consolidation to suggest an acute pneumonia.
1.  Increased hazy opacification of the lungs may represent mild pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable bilateral pleural plaques and pleural thickening.  3.  Rounded opacity in the left mid lung zone, which was previously seen on ___ and  thought to represent an area of round atelectasis which has resolved in the interim and  recurred.
Possible minimal increased left lung hazy opacity which could be due to  edema.  No focal opacities concerning for infection.
Interval placement of right internal jugular line with tip  residing in the distal SVC.  No pneumothorax.
1.  New left upper lobe opacity concerning for a developing pneumonia.  2.  Improving retrocardiac consolidation, either representing improving atelectasis or  pneumonia.
1.  Interval placement of a large-bore dual-lumen right central venous catheter,  distal aspect not well seen, but likely terminating at the cavoatrial junction/proximal  right atrium.  No pneumothorax seen.  2.  Left base opacity, likely represents combination of pleural effusion and  atelectasis.  3.  Moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly, similar in comparison with the prior AP  radiograph, but increased since ___.  2.  Interval improvement in right lower lobe opacity, however hazy opacification  persists, difficult to discern whether new since the prior study or whether never fully  resolved.  Infection vs assymetric pulmonary edema.  3.  Persistent enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, which may be due
Right IJ central venous catheter tip in the mid SVC. Right lower lung consolidation  concerning for pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  No free intraperitoneal air.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 3.3 cm above the carina.  2.  Cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema.
Marked cardiomegaly with right mid-to-lower lung opacity concerning for  pneumonia.  Trace pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Opacities projecting over the spine on the lateral radiograph may represent  atelectasis or pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea is likely secondary to known enlargement of the  thyroid, left greater than right.
Right middle lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia in the  proper clinical setting.
1. Newly placed nasogastric tube terminates in the distal stomach.  2. Unchanged severe bilateral airspace opacities and small layering right pleural  effusion.
Right PICC tip at the upper SVC.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Low lung volumes with retrocardiac atelectasis.  2.  Interval increase in the size of the cardiac silhouette which is now somewhat  globular.  3.  Tubing loops over the epigastric region and with the tip projecting at the dome of  the left hemidiaphragm over the cardiomediastinal silhouette.  4.  Incidental note is made of internal fixation hardware, incompletely evaluated, involving
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right middle lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___  ___, N.P. on the telephone on ___ at 3:05 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and cardiomegaly.  Blunting of the  right costophrenic angle may be due to overlying soft tissue, though a small pleural  effusion cannot be excluded.  Bibasilar atelectasis.
Mild pulmonary edema.
ET tube in appropriate position.  No pneumothorax.
1.  Right lower lobe nodule is similar in appearance to prior radiograph and CT,  however true volume cannot be measured on radiography.  2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.  Vague nodular focus  projecting over the right lateral lung for which further evaluation with chest CT is  recommended.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. New moderate left and small right pleural effusions.  2. Slight worsening of right lower lobe atelectasis.  3. Stable bilateral apical pneumothoraces.
Slight elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with left basilar  atelectasis, overall improvement in aeration compared with prior study.
Right upper extremity PICC line terminates at the superior cavoatrial junction.
Slightly increased hazy opacities at the right lung base, which may represent  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Right PICC terminates in mid SVC.
Stable moderate cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Right PICC line terminates at least at the mid SVC and the tip is obscured by  overlying pacer leads.
Stable chest findings status post pacer placement.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild increase in size of the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours  in comparison to the most recent prior study likely attributable to slightly decreased lung  volumes.  No focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Mild cardiomegaly and possible minimal central vascular engorgement without  overt pulmonary edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Subtle right lower lobe opacity is concerning for pneumonia.    RECOMMENDATION(S):  Followup chest radiograph in ___ weeks after completion of  antibiotic therapy is recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right PICC terminates near the right subclavian and internal jugular vein  confluence with its tip pointing slightly superiorly in the direction of internal jugularity  vein.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
New right-sided Port-A-Cath terminates near the cavoatrial junction.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process
Mild prominence of the hila suggest central pulmonary vascular  engorgement with mild peribronchial cuffing.
1.  Decreased opacities at the right lung base compared to the preceding  radiographs from ___ and ___.  2.  Tiny right pleural effusion.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion.
Findings suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip in the mid/low SVC.  No  pneumothorax on this supine exam.
Extensive consolidation in the right lower lung, probably in the  right lower lobe.  The appearance is fairly similar to the more recent prior radiographs  allowing for differences in technique although pulmonary vasculature is somewhat less  prominent.  It is difficult to exclude small pleural effusions but no definite pleural  effusion.
Patchy right lower lobe opacity, worrisome for consolidation which  could be due to infection or aspiration.
Limited evaluation due to respiratory motion especially in the lower lungs. The previously seen  right basilar patchy opacity appears improved. The interstitial markings are slightly  prominent due to patient's known emphysematous changes of the lungs. A granuloma is seen in the  right upper lobe. RUE PICC line ends in the distal SVC.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiothoracic process.
Large left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis and/or consolidation in  the left mid and lower lung region.  Probable subpulmonic right pleural fluid.
Opacity in the left mid and lower lung concerning for pneumonia.
Slightly increased retrocardiac opacity is likely atelectasis although  infection cannot be excluded in the appropriate clinical setting.
1.  Dobbhoff tube coiled within the pharynx.  2.  Stable small right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.
No reaccumulation of pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
Marked improvement of previously identified massive right pleural  effusion with new pigtail end catheter in place.  No pneumothorax.
1.  No evidence of pneumothorax.  2.  Stable large right layering pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  Pneumomediastinum and subcutaneous emphhysema in the neck and supraclaviaular  region.  2.  Possible moderate-sized right apical pneumothorax without evidence of  associated volume loss.  3.  Small rounded radiopaque density projecting in the right mid lung and  crossing a different bony structure than on prior study, indicating it is not  within the bone and may represent a calcified
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new infiltrates.
Improved aeration of the lung bases.  No reaccumulation of pleural  effusions or pneumothorax.
Continued increased lucency of the right upper lung may be due to a  combination of pleural effusion and pneumomediastinum.
1.  Improved atelectasis in the right upper lung and left lower lung.  2.  Bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary vascular congestion, essentially unchanged.
1.  New right IJ line with tip projecting over the mid SVC.  2.  Endotracheal tube 1.5 cm from the carina and should be withdrawn several centimeters for  optimal positioning.  3.  Fullness of the soft tissues in the right hilar region, the etiology of which is  uncertain.  Given prior surgery there could be scarring or post-treatment changes, although  underlying mass is possible, and dedicated imaging should
1. No evidence of pneumonia.  2. Unchanged 1.5 x 1.3 cm nodule in the left mid lung.
Interval placement of endotracheal tube and left internal jugular  central venous catheter, terminating in the proximal SVC.  Interval development of  left lower lobe atelectasis with possible effusion and pulmonary edema.
Bibasilar opacities suggestive of layering pleural effusions.   Vascular congestion and prominence of the azygos vein.
1.  Endotracheal tube within 1 cm of the carina and should be withdrawn.  2.  Enteric tube with tip at the gastric fundus, side port just beyond the GE  junction.  3.  Increased opacity at the right perihilar region, potentially atelectasis.  4.  Low lung volumes.
1.  Dobbhoff tube in appropriate position.  2.  Unchanged left lower and upper lobe consolidations.
Endotracheal tube tip within 1 cm of the carina.  Enteric tube with tip at the  gastric fundus, side port not clearly identified on the current exam.
1.  Interval removal of endotracheal tube and enteric feeding tube.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Unchanged left-sided pleural effusion.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Chronic or recurrent mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  3.  Stable left upper lobe nodule.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.  Bilateral loculated pleural effusions are  grossly unchanged.
Perihilar vascular congestion and chronic loculated bilateral pleural  effusions. No new focal consolidation concerning for pneumonia.
Low lung volumes with bilateral loculated pleural effusions and right base  opacity which may be due to atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly and bilateral layering pleural effusions.  2.  Decreased interstitial edema and pulmonary vascular congestion.
1.  Bilateral loculated pleural effusions, consistent with prior CT in ___.  2.  Right basilar atelectasis.
1.  Moderate-to-large loculated right pleural effusion is longstanding, but appears  increased in size from prior exam.  Unchanged moderate loculated left pleural  effusion.  2.  Mild pulmonary edema and bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.  3.  Prominence of the right mediastinum suggests vascular congestion.
1. New peribronchial opacities in the left lower lung and right lung base are  concerning for aspiration.  2. Endotracheal tube terminates approximately 5-6 mm above the carina.  Consider  retracting by approximately 2 cm for better seating.  3. Bilateral pulmonary metastases are better evaluated on prior chest CT dated ___.
1. Nodular area of opacification in the left mid lung field was not clearly  demonstrated on the prior radiograph.  2. Numerous radiopaque circular ovoid structures within the upper abdomen,  likely reflecting ingested pills within the bowel.
Ill-defined opacities within the left upper lobe and left lung base, as seen  on the previous chest radiograph, concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Slight interval increase in the lingular opacity, which may be due to a combination of  atelectasis and pneumonia.  2.  New left basilar opacification, which is likely secondary to aspiration or scarring.
Persistent opacity in the region of the lingular mass, decreased in  comparison to ___ but greater than expected for postoperative hemorrhage at this  time and thus raising suspicion for a possible infectious process.
1.  Resolved right lower lobe pneumonia.  2.  Stable lingular opacities adjacent to healed rib fractures.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Vague opacification projecting over the lingula in the region of the  previously noted mass is likely a combination of residual mass and a small, not  unexpected hemorrhage.
1.  Small left pleural effusion, slightly increased compared to the prior study.  2.  Rounded consolidative opacity within the lingula is mildly smaller in size from the  prior study, measuring approximately 5.7 x 4.6 cm, previously 6.2 x 5.0 cm.  3.  No pulmonary vascular congestion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval progression of the left upper lobe opacity concerning for  worsening pneumonia.  Additional nodules previously described are not as clearly  delineated by x-ray.
Opacity in the lingula, corresponding to the consolidation seen on the  prior chest CT.  Given the patient's symptoms and history of a lingular infiltrate,  this most likely represents a residual area of cryptogenic organizing pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary edema with superimposed pneumonia.
Moderate pulmonary vascular congestion.  Bibasilar opacities are felt to more likely  relate to vascular congestion rather than consolidation, however in the appropriate clinical  setting, underlying pneumonia is difficult to exclude.
Increasing pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis.
Possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
New central venous catheter terminates in the left brachiocephalic vein.  No  pneumothorax.
Findings suggesting mild congestive heart failure.  Patchy opacities at  both lung bases, more prominent in the retrocardiac area than at the right lung  base, decreased from ___ but not necessarily chronic.
Moderate pulmonary edema.
Right lower lung opacities are increased since ___, concerning for  worsening or new pneumonia.
Left-sided consolidation involving the left upper lobes and possibly portions of  the lingula and left lower lobe is seen.  Trace left pleural effusion.  Subtle opacity at the  right lung base of is more likely due to atelectasis but additional site of  infection is not excluded.  Prominence of the right hilum is stable.  The cardiac and  mediastinal silhouettes are stable.
Mild cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions are stable.  No pneumothorax.
Multifocal pneumonia.  Followup radiographs after treatment are  recommended to ensure resolution of this finding.
1. Right IJ line terminates in the SVC.  2. Unchanged bilateral lower zone linear and hazy opacities.  3. Stable cardiomegaly and prominence of hilar vasculature.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Cardiomegaly with hilar congestion and mild interstitial pulmonary edema.   Asymmetric opacity in the right lung concerning for pneumonia.
Persistent multifocal opacities in the left lower lobe and right lung base  concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
Improved aeration of the lungs with patchy opacities in the lung bases,  potentially infectious or atelectasis.
Mild cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema.
Retrocardiac opacity concerning for pneumonia.  Hilar congestion again noted.
Slight increase in left lower lobe opacity concerning for pneumonia.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and mild edema.
Mild worsening of pulmonary edema with small left pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Endotracheal and enteric tubes in standard positions.  2. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities, likely atelectasis.
1. Interval placement of a right central dialysis catheter with small left effusion and  basilar atelectasis.  2. Bilateral hilar vascular prominence without overt edema.  3. Subtle nodularity in the left upper lung likely represents confluence of  vasculature though a true nodule difficult to exclude.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and small bilateral pleural effusions,  decreased in size compared to the previous exam.  Patchy bibasilar airspace  opacities likely reflect atelectasis, but infection is not excluded.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Large bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent compressive atelectasis and  pulmonary edema.
Top-normal heart size with tiny left pleural effusion and calcified granulomas.
Moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions.  Resolution of pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions. Bibasilar opacities  likely reflect a combination of effusions and atelectasis; although, underlying  infection cannot be excluded.
Increased interstitial markings, which may be due to pulmonary  fibrosis and/or superimposed edema.  Slight blunting of both costophrenic angles,  felt most likely be related to overlying soft tissues, but trace pleural effusions  would be difficult to exclude.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.    2.  Mild chronic-appearing compression deformities along the upper thoracic spine;  although unlikely to represent acute fractures, there may be some increase in the degree of  attenuated body heights at one or more levels since the prior CT from several years ago.
1.  No evidence of pneumonia.  2.  Enlargement of hila is consistent with a combination of enlarged pulmonary arteries and  right hilar lymph node enlargement as demonstrated on recent CT.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  COPD.
Widespread multifocal parenchymal opacities remain unchanged from immediate prior  study.  Subtle lobulated lucencies in the right mid lung are suggestive of  pneumatoceles.  Improved left-sided pleural effusion.
Bilateral middle lobe opacities are concerning for pneumonia in the  appropriate clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Consolidations in the right mid lung and retrocardiac  location could reflect concurrent pneumonia.
1.  New thin linear density along the left apex, which may represent a  pneumothorax.  Alternatively, it could be a skinfold.  2.  Worsening bibasilar opacities, right more than left, likely due to pulmonary edema  from re-expansion after the right thoracentesis.  3.  Stable small left effusion.
1.  Near complete resolution of right pleural effusion following thoracentesis.  2.  Small left pleural fluid appears slightly larger than on the prior exam from  earlier this morning.  3.  Unchanged patchy bilateral opacities, consistent with the known pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Decreased size of bilateral pleural effusions, now small to moderate.  2.  Nodular opacity projecting over the right upper lung that is similar to better  defined compared to the recent prior chest radiographs and may correspond to  nodular focus along the minor fissure seen on the CT study.  3.  Patchy basilar opacities, nonspecific but could be seen with a resolving  infection or atelectasis associated with
Marked regression of previously identified multifocal  infiltrates.  No new acute abnormalities are identified.
Subtle basilar opacities seen similar to the prior study may relate  to nipple shadows and are not appreciated on the lateral view.  No definite focal  consolidation.
Interval progression of previously described pneumonic infiltrates  in the right middle lobe and lingula.  New additional parenchymal infiltrates are now seen in  the left upper lobe apical segment and a few scattered small patchy infiltrates in the  right hemithorax mid lung field.
Subtle obscuration of the left border, which may represent early lingular  pneumonia, and is not definitely seen on the lateral view.
1.  Left PIC catheter tip projects over distal SVC/cavoatrial junction.  No  pneumothorax.  2.  Bilateral multifocal consolidations involving predominantly the right lung,  possibly also involving the lingula appear more conspicuous from ___ exam.  3.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Bibasilar opacities compatible with right middle lobe and lingular  pneumonia.
Residual hazy opacities persist at bilateral lung bases and inferior lingula  from prior recent infection but are significantly improved from prior study.
Findings suggesting pneumonia in the right middle lobe.
Small residual consolidation in the lingula, which continues to  decrease in size as compared to the prior studies.  No definite focal consolidation on the  right.
Improving multifocal infiltrates in patient with history of  sarcoidosis.  No new infiltrates identified.
Stable appearance of multifocal pneumonia.  Slight interval decrease in  bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Right middle lobe and left lingular infiltrate are slightly increased in conspicuity  compared to prior.  2. Small bilateral pleural effusions have increased.  3. The patchy upper lobe infiltrate seen on CT is not as well visualized on the  chest x-ray.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
1. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and pulmonary edema has worsened since  ___.  2. Small bilateral pleural effusions are unchanged.
Lower lung opacities concerning for pneumonia.  Mild central hilar congestion  improved from prior exam.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and retrocardiac atelectasis, improved  compared to the previous exam.  Possible trace right pleural effusion.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  Basilar opacities may relate to fluid overload;  however, infectious process is not excluded.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of new infiltrates.
Extensive subcutaneous emphysema.  Worsening heterogeneous airspace opacities in  the right lower lobe are concerning for aspiration or evolving infectious  pneumonia.  Numerous air-fluid levels in the left upper lobe lateral to the left hilum,  and may reflect hemorrhage or infection within a bullae.
1.  Endotracheal tube 6 cm above the carina.  No pneumothorax identified.  2.  Increased opacity at the lateral right lung base thought to represent scarring  versus infectious process on prior study is better evaluated on current study and appears  consistent with scarring, unchanged from ___.
Moderate pulmonary edema has worsened and mild-to-moderate bilateral pleural  effusions have increased sincen ___.  Bilateral lower lung opacities is combination of effusion,  atelectasis and vascular engorgement.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, small bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval improvement in pulmonary edema.  Persistent small right and  moderate left pleural effusions.
Increased consolidation of the left lower lung as well as in the upper lung  concerning for pneumonia.
1.  No acute intrathoracic process.  2.  Innumerable pulmonary metastases, better assessed on recent CT.
Continued opacity in the retrocardiac space with air bronchograms which  may be due to atelectasis or pneumonia.
1.  Stable appearance of multiple loculated right pleural effusions.  2.  Tiny linear and nodular opacities in the left upper lobe since ___.
1.  Interval clearance of the large right pleural effusion with re-expansion  atelectasis.  2.  New small left pleural fluid.  3.  Stable cardiomegaly.  4.  Hypervolemia.
1.  Resolution of small right-sided pneumothorax.  2.  Unchanged small layering right pleural effusion and subcutaneous emphysema.  3.  Mild interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly decreased from yesterday.
1.  Right pleural effusion, which had been drained on the ___ radiograph, has  returned to the size it was on ___.  2.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.
1.  Interval increase in mild pulmonary edema.  2.  New small left pleural effusion.  3.  Right perihilar mass is better seen on the recent CT.
1.  Large right lower lobe consolidation with associated moderate pleural fluid,  new since the prior study ___ ___.  2.  Increased pulmonary vascular engorgement and cardiomegaly.
Stable appearance of large loculated right pleural effusion.
No significant interval change when compared to prior exam.  Persistent  parenchymal opacities and loculated fluid in the major fissure as seen on  prior CT.
1.  Moderate right pleural effusion has increased compared to the prior study from  ___, likely with a subpulmonic component.  A concomitant consolidative  process at the right lung base cannot be excluded.  2.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion without frank interstitial edema.  3.  Unchanged mild cardiomegaly.
Large right pleural effusion which is loculated appears slightly increased  compared to the prior study.  Right basilar opacification could reflect compressive  atelectasis though infection is not excluded.  Mild leftward shift of mediastinal  structures, slightly increased compared to ___.
Persistent loculated right pleural effusion.  No evidence of acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Increasing right pleural effusion, now large.
Moderate loculated right pleural effusion, slightly increased in size  compared to the most recent radiograph from ___.  Heterogeneous opacities in the  right mid to lower lung are slightly increased, possibly partially due to overlying pleural  fluid, although atelectasis or infection in this region is certainly possible.
Persistent loculated right pleural effusion with slight interval  improvement in aeration in the right upper lung.
Increased opacity in the right lung with increased size of the loculated  right pleural effusion.  Findings concerning for a superimposed consolidation/pneumonia.
1.  Right Pleurx catheter remains in place with substantial layering pleural  effusion and compressive atelectasis at the right base.  2.  Interval engorgement of pulmonary vessels, particularly on the left.  3.  Small left pleural effusion.
Slight interval increase in right-sided pleural effusion with  underlying parenchymal opacity, potentially atelectasis; however, infiltrate is also  possible.
Very ill-defined opacity in the posteroinferior lung overlying the lower thoracic  spine is concerning for pneumonia.
Interval increase in size of a large layering right pleural effusion with  associated right basilar atelectasis.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased right infrahilar opacity, probably due to a combination of  pneumonia and chronic interstitial abnormality.
Interval increase in the pulmonary edema, greater on the right than on the left.   Small bilateral pleural effusions with compressive atelectasis.
Bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left, appear slightly decreased in  comparison to prior study from yesterday.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar atelectasis with possible small left effusion.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
Bibasilar patchy opacities, more extensive on the right than left, which  may be due to atelectasis, although pneumonia is not excluded in the appropriate  clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Chronic blunting of the left lateral costophrenic angle potentially due to  atelectasis or small effusion. Mild vascular congestion without overt edema.
Mild cardiomegaly and vascular congestion, but no pulmonary edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Linear bibasilar opacities, potentially due to atelectasis given  differences in technique and patient position.  No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and mild pulmonary vascular  congestion.
Possible trace left pleural effusion.  Otherwise, no acute  cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Left PICC has been re-positioned with the tip now terminating in the left  brachiocephalic vein.  Replacement is recommended.  2.  Worsening bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement without overt pulmonary edema.
1.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly with left pleural effusion and left lower lobe  atelectasis.    2.  Persistent opacities on the right, which may reflect a combination of  pulmonary edema and pneumonia.
Improved aeration of the bilateral upper lungs; however, there is  persistent if not slightly improved bibasilar opacifications, possibly due to atelectasis  and bilateral pleural effusions, though superimposed infectious process is not excluded.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema and small to moderate left pleural effusion, similar  compared to the prior exam.  Left basilar opacification likely reflects compressive  atelectasis.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema.
1.  Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable moderate left pleural effusion and opacification of the left lower lung.
1.  Increased size of bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary edema.    2.  More focal appearing consolidations in the middle lobe and a lower lobe,  probably left.  Findings are concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
Persistent pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.
Moderate cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion.
Pulmonary vascular congestion with possible small bilateral pleural  effusions.
Interval progression of the bilateral parenchymal opacities more so on  the left which appears more confluent in the perihilar region most compatible with  pulmonary edema.  More dense retrocardiac opacity silhouetting the hemidiaphragm  suspicious for superimposed effusion.
Improved aeration bilaterally.  Small right pleural effusion, decreased in  comparison to the prior study.
1.  Interval resolution of left tension pneumothorax following chest tube  placement.  2.  Small amount of pneumopericardium is likely related to recent surgery.  3.  Endotracheal tube ends approximately 1.7 cm above the carina.  Consider  retracting the ET tube by 2 cm for appropriate seating.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  Diffusely increased  interstitial markings, potentially due to chronic disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema.
Chronic interstitial changes in the lungs, which have somewhat increased,  which may be related to interstitial edema.  However, this is not accompanied by any  evidence of pneumonia.
Findings suggesting mild-to-moderate pulmonary vascular  congestion.
1.  Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  Chronic mild to moderate cardiomegaly.
Cardiomegaly with interstitial edema.  No focal consolidation.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Lucency below the left hemidiaphragm on the frontal and adjacent to the right lateral view, which could be due to  atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.  3.  Compression deformity of a lower thoracic vertebral body is unchanged.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Increased interstitial markings bilaterally not significantly changed from  ___, but no focal opacities.
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema, similar to prior.
Subtle increase in opacification in the retrocardiac region, superimposed  on a background of interstitial abnormality, which may be due to atelectasis or  infection.
1.  Endotracheal tube 4 cm above the carina.  2.  Calcified pleural plaques and trace bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  No evidence of acute disease.
1. Right mid and lower lung opacities persist, but are much improved from  ___.  2. Interval resolution of the right apical pneumothorax.  3. Fractures of the anterior first, and lateral right third and seventh ribs.
1.  Small right apicolateral pneumothorax, minimally decreased in size since the  recent study.  2.  Multifocal pulmonary opacities in the right lung appear unchanged allowing for  differences in lung volumes, and multiple right rib fractures are again demonstrated.  3.  Patchy opacity in the retrocardiac region has slightly worsened.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Bibasilar atelectasis, otherwise unremarkable.
Patchy left basilar opacity, which could be seen with atelectasis or  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Nodules in the left perihilar region and bilateral lung apices concerning for  metastatic disease.  Nonurgent chest CT is suggested to further evaluate.
Moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema and trace bilateral pleural  effusions.  An underlying pneumonia cannot be fully excluded.
Moderate interstitial pulmonary edema with moderate cardiomegaly and  bilateral pleural effusions.
Interval improvement in bilateral pleural effusions and interstitial edema.
Bilateral interstitial and airspace opacities, predominantly basal has  worsened substantially since ___.
1.  New heterogeneous opacities in the right upper lung and left lower lung are  concerning for infection.  2.  Increased small to moderate left pleural effusion.
Continued progressive consolidation involving the left lung with  asymmetric opacification of the right hemithorax most compatible with multifocal  pneumonia.
Stable chest findings, no evidence of acute or chronic  infiltrates.
1. Endotracheal tube ends 4.8 cm above the carina and is appropriate in  position.  2. Intraaortic balloon pump lies approximately 2.6 cm from the apex of the aortic arch.  3. Improved asymmetric, mild, right pulmonary edema.
Emphysema with minimal interstitial edema.
Worsening pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion.  Patchy right infrahilar opacity,  suspected to represent minor atelectasis.
Bilateral basilar interstitial abnormality, which may be due to  atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, slightly increased when compared to the prior  study.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Persistent elevation of the right  hemidiaphragm with associated right basilar atelectasis.
Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with chronic right basal  atelectasis. No convincing signs of pneumonia or CHF.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Prominence of the superior mediastinum is compatible with mediastinal lipomatosis  seen on ___ chest CT.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Mild pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion.  Streaky bibasilar  opacities most likely reflect atelectasis; however, superimposed infection is not  excluded in the appropriate clinical context.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions.   Patchy consolidations in the right middle lobe may represent pneumonia in the  right clinical circumstances.
1.  Right infrahilar pneumonia.  2.  Improved pulmonary edema, although a small amount of edema remains.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  Retrocardiac  opacity may represent atelectasis though pneumonia is not excluded.
1.  Left chest wall central line terminates in the right atrium.  No pneumothorax.  2.  Low lung volumes with mild pulmonary edema.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable mild interstitial abnormality, likely chronic.  3.  Unchanged pulmonary hypertension and vascular engorgement.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly.
Mild pulmonary edema, improved from prior exam.  Dilated main pulmonary artery  compatible with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Cardiomegaly with severe pulmonary edema.  Dialysis catheter in place.
1.  Increased radiodensiy in the right lower lung zone and since the left  lower lung is difficult to evaluate, it is unclear if this is a unilateral process.  2.  Multiple pulmonary nodules are better visualized in the prior CT.  3.  Severe cardiomegaly.
Mild to moderate moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural  effusions.  More focal opacity in the right lung base may reflect pneumonia in the  correct clinical setting.
Worsening fluid overload.
1.  Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement.  2.  Rounded opacity at the right base, present sicne ___, may represent asymmetric  pulmonary edema, but other processes such as pulmonary abscess cannot be excluded.
Mild pulmonary edema and small right pleural effusion, similar compared to the prior  study.
1. New left subclavian line with tip at the cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax.  2. Unchanged CHF and right lower lobe opacities.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate cardiomegaly and possible mild interstitial edema.  Retrocardiac  opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia.
1. ET tube 2.6 cm above the Carina.  2. Right lower lung opacity is again visualized. An underlying infectious infiltrate cannot be excluded.  3. Moderate cardiomegaly with fluid overload.
1.  New region of consolidation above the minor fissure which could refelct an early  infectious process.  2.  Increased bilateral lung opacities, likely secondary to pulmonary edema.  3.  Cardiomegaly.
Persistent but improved pulmonary edema with right lower lobe opacification  concerning for pneumonia.
1.  Mild pulmonary edema, slightly worse than prior exam.  2.  Subtle nodular opacity in the left suprahilar region is new from ___.   Further evaluation with chest CT is recommended.
Moderate cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and  bibasilar atelectasis.
Pulmonary edema without definite superimposed acute cardiopulmonary  process.
Emphysema.  Previously described nodular opacities on CT are not well  demonstrated on the current radiograph.
Stable cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Patchy opacities in the left lung base, potentially atelectasis but infection or  aspiration cannot be excluded.
1. Right internal jugular central venous catheter tip in the mid SVC.  No  pneumothorax.  2. Unchanged bibasilar patchy airspace opacities, likely atelectasis.  3. New mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis and possible mild pulmonary  congestion.  Widened mediastinum may be technical in nature.
Moderate cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and  bibasilar atelectasis.
Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and possible mild  interstitial edema.
Mild interstitial edema with small bilateral effusions.
1. Stable moderate bilateral pleural effusions and mild pulmonary edema.  2. Unchanged cardiomegaly.
Moderate cardiomegaly with layering pleural effusions and mild vascular  congestion.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
Tiny bilateral pleural effusions.  Stable cardiomegaly.
1.  Interval placement of left-sided PICC, which terminates in the low SVC.  2.  Increased bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary edema.  3.  Left base retrocardiac opacity may be due to combination of pleural fluid and  atelectasis; however, underlying consolidation is not excluded.
1.  Increased lucency at the lung base, particularly outlining the right  hemidiaphragm, which likely indicates a residual component of the pneumothorax.    2.  Diffuse bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with widespread metastatic disease are  similar to the prior exam.  There is air noted around a ray cage device in the lower thoracic  spine, surrounded by posterior spinal stabilization rods.  It is difficult to discern the left
1.  Right-sided chest tube with the distal tip within the right upper lobe.  2.  Slight interval increase in the size of the right pneumothorax.  3.  Widespread pulmonary metastases.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  New 16 mm left upper lobe nodule.  3.  Bulging of the aortopulmonary window, new since ___.
Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities, likely atelectasis.
Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement. No focal  consolidation.
1.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Right upper lobe nodule measuring 9 mm is concerning for malignancy.  3.  Calcified nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease.
Moderate cardiomegaly without evidence of acute CHF or acute  infiltrates.
Dobhoff tube has been repositioned and now passes below the diaphragm and  crosses the midline, likely within the second portion of the duodenum.
1.  Dobbhoff tube coiled within the stomach and turns back to terminate in the  esophagus at the level of the clavicles.  2.  Multifocal opacifications, worst in the lung bases, which may represent  atelectasis, though infectious process is consideration, possibly aspiration.  3.  Loculated right pleural effusion.
1.  No acute pulmonary process identified.  2.  Hyperinflation and flattened diaphragms, consistent with COPD.  3.  Resolved left upper lobe scarring.  4.  Hilar prominence suggesting element of pulmonary hypertension.
Cardiomegaly.  No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate pulmonary edema.  Patchy consolidation in the right upper lobe may reflect  pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.
Findings suggesting pulmonary venous hypertension.  Right basilar  opacity worrisome for pneumonia.
Cardiomegaly and pulmonary arterial hypertension.  Evidence of  prior asbestos exposure bilaterally.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal consolidation suspicious for  pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Opacity at the base of the right lung is not similar in appearance to chest  radiograph on ___ and may represent overlapping structures.  However, an  opacity in the retrocardiac clear space on the left is new.  Additionally, there is an opacity at the left posterior costophrenic  The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal.  There is no pneumothorax.  Sternotomy wires and surgical clips are again seen and
1.  Improved aeration of the left upper lung with persistent elevation of  the left hemidiaphragm.  2.  Persistent left perihilar mass compatible with patient's history of recurrent  small cell carcinoma.  3.  Probable small left pleural effusion.
1.  New patchy opacities in the left upper lobe and lingula are concerning for  either a mass or more confluent consolidation.  2.  Small left pleural effusion.
Slight increase in blunting of the left costophrenic angle,  which may be due to combination of effusion and atelectasis, however underlying  consolidation cannot be excluded.
1.  Small left pleural effusion.  2.  Left perihilar opacity compatible with known mass and parenchymal scarring as  seen on ___ CT.
Endotracheal tube terminates at the thoracic inlet in standard placement.
Dobbhoff tube terminates above the diaphragm.  Stable left basilar atelectasis and  pleural effusion.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Bilateral rib fractures.
Low lung volumes with mild bibasilar atelectasis.
Low lung volumes, which accentuate the bronchovascular markings.   Left base atelectasis.  No definite focal consolidation.  Minimal blunting of the right  costophrenic angle, although no definite pleural effusion is seen on the lateral  view.
No evidence of acute disease.
Limited exam due to scoliosis.  No definite signs of acute  cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Endogastric tube terminating in the stomach with its sideport well below the GE  junction; however, the NG tube does appear kinked in the segment that is just 4.5-5 cm  upstream from the sideport.  2.  Severe scoliosis.  3.  Mild retrocardiac atelectasis.
1.  Trace right pleural effusion and left basilar atelectasis, similar to prior.  2.  Hyperinflation with flattened diaphragms.
Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectasis.  No pneumothorax.
Increased opacity in the left upper lobe likely atelectasis, attention on follow-up  studies needed
Near complete resolution of pleural effusions.  No acute cardiopulmonary  process.
Interval placement of a left internal jugular catheter with tip  terminating in the upper SVC.  No pneumothorax.
1. Unchanged moderate bilateral pleural effusions, larger on the right than on the  left.  2. Resolved pulmonary edema.
Small bilateral pleural effusions are increased in size compared to most recent  prior exam.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
Endotracheal and nasogastric tubes positioned appropriately.
1.  Interval resolution of pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left.  3.  Improved atelectasis in the left lower lobe.
Feeding tube tip in the distal stomach.
Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No pneumothorax status post removal of two right-sided chest tubes.
Stable postoperative scar formations following decortication procedure.  No evidence of  free fluid, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm.
Diffuse predominantly perihilar airspace opacities with slightly nodular  appearance, which are new from prior studies.  Superimposed hilar adenopathy is  difficult to exclude.
Interval decrease in density of the perihilar opacities, which may  represent a combination of pulmonary edema and pneumonia.
Resolution of right mid lung pneumonia.
Mild pulmonary edema.  Right basal opacity suggests atelectasis however infection  should be considered in the appropriate clinical setting.
Stable small right pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis.
Minimal improvement in the diffuse ground-glass opacities.  Small pleural  effusions with predominantly retrocardiac atelectasis.
1.  ETT ends 3 cm from the carina.  2.  Stable severe pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly.  3.  Small right pleural effusion.
1.  Unchanged severe pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.  3.  Right atrial transvenous pacer lead still passes posteriorly in the right atrium ending  at the inferior cavoatrial junction, a nonstandard position.
1.  Endotracheal tube tip 4 cm above the carina.  2.  Stable interstitial edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Increased pulmonary vascular congestion.  2.  Stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with air distended bowel beneath.
Mild interstitial edema.
Low lung volumes with persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm and  adjacent atelectasis.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Near-complete resolution of small bilateral pleural effusions seen on  ___ exam.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema and left base atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Findings suggesting mild vascular congestion.  No evidence of acute  disease.
No evidence of acute disease.
Cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The feeding tube extends below the level of the diaphragms but beyond the field of  view of this radiograph, likely within the distal stomach.
No acute findings in the chest.
Stable severe cardiomegaly.  No pulmonary edema.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.  Multiple  prior right rib fractures are seen; the 8th rib fracture demonstrates persist  linear lucency, raising the possibility of incomplete healing.
Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear chronic.  3.  Non visualization of the cortical margin of the right posterior eighth rib fracture which  raises possibility of acuity.
1.  New right lower lung opacification concerning for pneumonia.  2.  OG tube appears to be malpositioned proximally lying in the proximal fundus of the stomach.
NG tube terminates in the proximal stomach and could be advanced by  approximately 5-10 cm.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
Endotracheal tube tip 5.4 cm above carina.  Enteric tube tip in the proximal stomach.
1.  Resolution of pulmonary edema.  2.  Stable bibasilar atelectasis.
Single lead pacemaker in situ with the lead tip in the right ventricle.  No  features of cardiac decompensation.  Prominent pulmonary arteries suggesting  pulmonary arterial hypertension.  Consolidation in the left lower lobe.
1.  Mild pulmonary edema is improved from chest x-ray ___.  2.  Small right pleural effusion.
Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Right lower lobe consolidation worrisome for pneumonia.  2.  Left suprahilar opacity, which could be a second site of infection or relate to  mild volume overload.  3.  0.9-cm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior right sixth and seventh ribs,  which could relate to consolidation or an underlying pulmonary nodule is not excluded.  Recommend followup chest  radiograph after appropriate therapy and if finding remains, chest CT.  4.
1.  Near-complete resolution of bilateral pleural effusions seen on ___ exam.  2.  Mild interstitial edema, improved compared to the prior study.
Mild to moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions, slightly  improved compared to the prior exam.  Bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  Endotracheal tube terminates 4.2 cm above the carina.  2.  Severe pulmonary edema with bilateral pleural effusions.
Stable moderate cardiomegaly with tiny right effusion.  Right basilar  atelectasis.
Extensive pulmonary edema and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than  right.
Findings suggesting mild pulmonary edema.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema.
Mild cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion.  Left base  opacity may be due to combination of pleural fluid and atelectasis, although  consolidation is not excluded.  Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities which could represent  atelectasis or infection in the proper clinical setting.
1.  Persistent opacification in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe  is mildly improved since ___.  2.  Extensive rib fractures of varying ages.  3.  Large hiatal hernia.
1.  Heterogeneous opacity in the inferolateral right upper lobe concerning for  pneumonia.  2.  Multiple bilateral rib fractures of varying age as well as old left clavicular  fracture.  3.  Large hiatal hernia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate pulmonary edema with trace bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Possible minimal central vascular engorgement. Otherwise no significant interval  change.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Increased opacity at the right lung base is likely due to overlapping vascular  structures.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Since yesterday retrocardiac opacity and small opacity in the right infrahilar  and right lower medial lung is much better, likely atelectasis or aspiration.
Cardiomegaly with interstitial edema.  No focal consolidation to suggest  pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic abnormalities identified.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  Worsening pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with probable small left pleural effusion and retrocardiac  atelectasis.  Infection cannot be excluded in the correct clinical setting.
Vague bibasilar opacities are nonspecific but may represent infection.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right subclavian line with tip in the lower SVC.  No pneumothorax.
No acute intrathoracic abnormality.
Findings compatible with CHF.  No evidence of pneumothorax in the apical area.
Improved aeration of the lungs with persistent diffuse parenchymal  opacities.
1. New right dual-lumen dialysis catheter ends at mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.  2. Increased interstitial markings and pulmonary vascular prominence likely  from cardiac decompensation.  3. Resolution of small pleural effusions seen on previous radiograph dated ___.
Mild pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Improved pulmonary edema since the prior radiograph.  2.  Resolution of small right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
1. Right lower lung heterogeneous opacities have continued to grow since ___.  2. New small, right pleural effusion or pneumothorax.  3. Stable moderate cardiomegaly and severe left atrial enlargement.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and bibasilar atelectasis.
NG tube extends inferiorly beyond the diaphragm into the fundus of the stomach.
1.  Right upper lobe predominant pulmonary edema has improved on today's study,  however, right upper lobe atelectasis persists.  2.  Unchanged moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly.  3.  Increased small right pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Emphysema.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
COPD.  Slight increased opacity at the right lung base may relate to  atelectasis, although in the appropriate clinical setting, infectious process is not  excluded.
No acute findings in the chest.
1.  New dense opacity in the right upper lobe, which could be due to a combination of  airspace consolidation ___ atelectasis and radiopaque fluid.  2.  Given previous radiographic evidence of slow neo-esophageal/gastric  emptying, it is possible that patient had aspirated contrast material.  This would also explain the  dense opacity seen on lateral projection.  3.  Ill-defined peripheral opacities adjacent to this
Small right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.
1.  Right basilar opacity is significantly improved from ___.  2.  Hyperinflation.
1.  Persistent opacification of the right base may be due to a combination of pleural  effusion, atelectasis, and aspiration.  In the proper clinical setting, pneumonia  cannot be excluded.  2.  Stable moderate right and small left pleural effusions.
Emphysema without superimposed acute process.
1.  No evidence of pneumomediastinum.  2.  Small right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.
1.  No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.  2.  Increased nodular peribronchial opacification, most readily explained by  chronic aspiration.  3.  Unchanged small right pleural effusion.
Right transjugular central venous catheter, distal tip not well  evaluated, appears to extend to the expected location of the mid SVC, although  exact location is not well evaluated on this study.  Diffuse opacification of the right hemithorax  which maybe due to underlying fluid and consolidation.  The esophageal stent has migrated  projecting over the right apex as compared to the prior study of ___.
Interval regression of previously described pleural densities in  the right lateral chest wall.  No new abnormalities are identified.
Slight increase in right mid lung opacity which could be due to  underlying infection, possibly in the superior right lower lobes.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Right IJ central line tip in the mid SVC.  No pneumothorax.
Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion with interval  improvement in mild interstitial edema.
Moderate cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Worsened appearance to the lungs.
Diffusely increased interstitial markings throughout the lungs compatible with  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
1.  Worsening bilateral parenchymal opacities concerning for multifocal  infection and/or metastases.  2.  Unchanged configuration of the right subclavian vein and brachiocephalic  vein stent, with kinking of the stent at the level of the clavicle.  3.  Possible trace left pleural effusion.  4.  Stable mild ascending thoracic aortic aneur
Large area of consolidation in the right lung base is concerning for  pneumonia.
1.  No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Moderate cardiomegaly.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema and hilar engorgement. Subtle nodularity in the  right lower lung raises concern for a superimposed pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  ET tube 4.6-5.3 cm above the carina.  2.  Left lower lobe collapse and/or consolidation.  3.  Hyperinflated lungs.  4.  Prominent interstitial markings in both lungs, of uncertain etiology or  significance.  5.  Calcified spleen and splenic artery calcifications.
1.  Slight increase in the bilateral lung opacities concerning for multifocal  pneumonia.  2.  Stable bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.  3.  Nodules in the left lung appear discrete and discrete.  With known history of  squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue, nodular metastases is on the differential.  4.  More sclerotic osseous metastases.
Bilateral regions of consolidation concerning for multifocal pneumonia.
Right upper lobe pneumonia.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephoneon ___ at 3:05 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
Mild unchanged central pulmonary vascular congestion.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Mild cardiomegaly without frank pulmonary edema.
1.  Decreased left upper lobe opacification, likely for reabsorption of  edema component.  2.  Increased right basilar pleural effusion.  3.  Mild cardiomegaly.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  Mild upper zone pulmonary vascular  redistribution is likely chronic without overt pulmonary edema.
Mild bibasilar opacities are likely atelectasis in setting of low lung  volumes.  Enlarged pulmonary vessels are slightly larger compared to ___.
1. Right IJ line tip overlying distal SVC, new compared with the prior film.  2. Bibasilar atelectasis.  3. Mild cardiomegaly and possible minimal upper zone redistribution.
Interval removal of left-sided chest tube.  No pneumothorax visualized.   Continued/increased infiltrate in the left upper lung.  Vascular plethora and  patchy alveolar edema on the right.
1.  No evidence of hemothorax.  2.  Stable mild cardiomegaly.
Bibasilar atelectasis.  No definite acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. Worsening left basilar opacity.  2. Improved right basilar, perihilar opacities.
Enteric tube tip in the mid stomach.  Improved bilateral perihilar, bibasilar opacities.
1. Interval development of mild to moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  2. Right middle lobe opacity may represent an early pnemonia in the appropriate  clinical setting.  3. Stable moderate cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions.
Slight prominence of the interstitium may be due to minimal interstitial  edema.  Trace bilateral pleural effusions.
Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right upper lobe pneumonia with mild pulmonary vascular congestion and  small right pleural effusion.
Moderate cardiomegaly.  No focal consolidation or pulmonary edema.
Opacity in the right lung base which could represent patchy atelectasis,  early pneumonia or aspiration.  Clinical correlation is advised.
Diffuse increased interstitial markings with more confluent  opacities at the lung bases which could be due to edema or infection in the proper  clinical setting.
Mild pulmonary edema.
Mild pulmonary edema.
No evidence of pneumothorax.
1.  Left hilar/perihilar opacity corresponds to patient's known perihilar mass,  better assessed on CT.  2.  Old-appearing rib deformities on the left may relate to prior fractures,  metastatic disease not excluded, although better evaluated in CT.
1.  Decreased size of left upper lobe opacity, possibly due to resolution of  hemorrhage.  2.  Persistent if not increased retrocardiac opacities, possibly related to  aspiration.  3.  Small left pleural effusion.
Left upper lobe pneumonia, improved from ___.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed with ___, M.D. by ___  ___, N.P. on the telephone on ___ at 3:05 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate cardiomegaly, severe pulmonary artery dilatation and moderate  pulmonary vascular congestion are similar.
Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar  regions of consolidation which could represent atelectasis or infection in the proper  clinical setting.  Severe vertebral body height loss as described above.
Low lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis.  No focal consolidation concerning for  pneumonia.
Right IJ central line has been pulled back in the interval, but still terminates  in the right atrium.
1. Right IJ central line has been pulled back in the interval and now terminates in the  superior direction junction.  2. Interval mild increased cephalization of the pulmonary vessels, which may be partly or  wholly due to supine positioning, making it difficult to evaluate for pulmonary edema.
No evidence of acute disease.
1. Mild fullness in the right hila may indicate early developing infection in  the correct clinical setting.  2. Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
Right IJ central line terminates in the right atrium.  No pneumothorax.
Small bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.  Mild  cardiomegaly.
1.  Worsening bibasilar opacities concerning for pneumonia.  2.  Small bilateral pleural effusions.  3.  Right internal jugular central line tip terminating in the right atrium.  4.  Stable pneumobilia within the right upper quadrant.
Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary process.
Retrocardiac opacity may represent atelectasis or pneumonia in the correct  clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Persistent small bilateral  pleural effusions.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute findings in the chest.
Multiple fractured sternal wires, unchanged from ___. New from ___, is a posteriorly displaced sternal  wire fragment at approximately the mid sternal level. No focal consolidation.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild cardiomegaly.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Small bilateral pleural effusions, new since ___.  Bibasilar  opacities may reflect atelectasis or infection in the appropriate clinical setting.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Emphysema.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Enteric tube coiled within the stomach.  Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary  process.
1. Endotracheal tube is low, with the tip terminating just above the carina.   Recommend retracting at least 3cm for optimum positioning.  2. Nasogastric tube ends in the proximal portion of the body of the stomach with  sidehole at the level of the gastroesophageal junction, and recommended further  advancement.  3. Small left pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis of the left lung base.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The Dobbhoff tube has been advanced distally from its position on prior  abdominal radiograph.  The tip of the Dobhoff tube terminates in the region of the second  portion of the duodenum.  No pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Interval worsening of now moderate interstitial pulmonary edema with  small bilateral pleural effusions and left retrocardiac atelectasis.
Persistent moderate interstitial pulmonary edema.  No new focal opacities  concerning for pneumonia.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Dobbhoff tube projects over the stomach.  2.  Increased retrocardiac atelectasis.
1.  Improved pulmonary vascular engorgement since the prior study of ___.  2.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
1.  Improved interstitial pulmonary edema with remaining mild pulmonary vascular  congestion.  2.  Bibasilar opacities, likely atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of acute disease.
No radiographic evidence for acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute intrathoracic process.
Moderate pulmonary edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.  New opacity at the right cardiophrenic angle, which may be atelectasis but  could also represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting.  2.  Persistent vague opacity in the right upper lobe, seen on the previous chest CT,  which may represent sequelae of prior infection or persistent inflammation.  3.  Resolved left lower lobe cavitary lesion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Heterogeneous opacities in the left mid lung and right lung base concerning for  multifocal pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  2.9 cm rounded opacity in the left mid lung is concerning for a cavitary  lesion.  Recommend further evaluation with CT of the chest.    NOTIFICATION:   The findings were discussed by Dr. ___ with Dr.  ___ on the telephoneon ___ at 3:05 PM, 5 minutes after discovery of  the findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Moderate cardiomegaly with mild edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1.  No significant interval change since the prior radiograph performed yesterday evening.  2.  Persistent mild pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema.  3.  Small bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis.
Diffuse interstitial opacities, similar to prior.  New right chest wall  tunneled dual lumen catheter with distal tip in the right atrium.
1.  Left basilar opacification is unchanged from the prior study and may  represent partial lobar collapse or fluid trapped within the fissure.  2.  Stable mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Moderate cardiomegaly and volume loss at both bases.  No infiltrate
1.  Right atrial lead takes an unusual course, directed posteriorly.  While this appears  unchanged from the prior study on the frontal view, an aberrant location should be  considered.  2.  Improving mild pulmonary edema.  3.  Stable moderate cardiomegaly.  4.  Resolving left basilar atelectasis and pleural effusions.
1.  Improved aeration of the lungs.  2.  Persistent retrocardiac opacity in the left lower lobe may be due to atelectasis,  aspiration or pneumonia.
New left lower lobe infiltrate and small effusion.
Mild pulmonary vascular congestion/interstitial edema and small left pleural  effusion. Trace right pleural effusion is difficult to exclude.
Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary process.
Mild pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar  atelectasis.
Mild pulmonary edema. Retrocardiac opacity may be accentuated by portable  technique, grossly unchanged from prior.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.  Small left pleural effusion.
1.  Worsening interstitial edema and small bilateral pleural effusions.  2.  More confluent opacity in the left lower lobe is concerning for developing  pneumonia.
1.  New left lower lobe infiltrate.  2.  Stable mild compression deformities of two mid thoracic vertebral bodies.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Vague nodular opacity projecting over the right lower lung, likely  atelectasis, less likely pneumonia.
Multifocal patchy opacities in the right middle, right upper, and bilateral  lower lobes are concerning for pneumonia.
Mild interstitial edema and persistent right pleural effusion with  associated atelectasis.
Increased opacity at the right lung base may represent a combination of  atelectasis and effusion, though underlying pneumonia is difficult to exclude in the  correct clinical setting.
Cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
Moderate pulmonary edema with small bilateral pleural effusions.
No significant change from recent CT performed ___ with innumerable  metastatic nodularity involving both lungs and large consolidation in the right lower lung.   Small to moderate right pleural effusion.  No evidence of superimposed acute process.
Interval placement of a right internal jugular catheter, with the tip  likely within the proximal right atrium.
Right IJ central venous catheter terminates in the right atrium.  No  pneumothorax.
No acute intrathoracic process.
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right internal jugular catheter terminates in the low SVC.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1. Small bilateral pneumothoraces.  2. Multiple bilateral rib fractures.  3. Widened superior mediastinum, which may reflect aortic dissection.  4. Bibasilar atelectasis.  5. More focal opacity in the left mid lung field, which is nonspecific.
Decreased size of postoperative apical pneumothorax, now barely 1 cm  wide.
1.  No acute cardiopulmonary process.  2.  Unchanged appearance of right upper lobe volume loss and pleural densities,  consistent with the provided history of prior right upper lobectomy.  3.  Possible loculated fluid in the superior mediastinum.
Status post right upper lobectomy with no evidence of pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
